ANEFUNDER Exlore News FAG Login. Sign Up

{¥ FOLLOW Us FOR UPDATES SHARE yw TWEET

GUPDATES 224 FOLLOWERS!

CLOSING IN 2 DAYS

Invest until 11:59pm EST on Feb 1

INVEST IN I-PASS
PATIENT SAFETY
INSTITUTE

Saving lives by reducing medical errors
caused by communication failures

INVEST

& Chris Landrigan, MD, MPH
FOUNE RD MEMBER, I-PASS P

Priced Round

$9.5M pre-money valuation | $8.55/share
If you invest, you're betting I-PASS Patient Safety Institute will be worth more than
$9.5M in the future.

$1,500+ Your name listed on the Company's website as an investor.

$5,000+ _I-PASS Promotional Kit: PASS branded medical scrub top, badge pull

and lanyard.

$10,000+ Voting Rights

$25,000+ Your name placed into the I-PASS Virtual Immersive Learning product
(for example, as a "patient", or in a background poster). A screenshot

will be printed, signed by our founders, framed and sent to you.

$55,000+ You and one guest can come hang out with one of our founders and our
CEO in Boston. Includes gourmet dinner with a founder and our CEO,
one round of golf at a top 100 golf course in the US with our CEO, two

hotel at a premier hotel, meals during your stay. You pay the

re to Boston,

We are focused on improving patient safety by reducing medical errors caused by
communication failures. Medical errors are the ard leading cause of death in the U.S.

The I-PASS handoff method is considered a best-practice standard of patient care,

rough the use of our web-based tools and the expertise of our team, we seek to

accelerate the adoption of I-PASS at hospitals in the U.S. and ultimately worldwide,

Our success will lead to increased patient safety and a reduction of healtheare costs.

- Software as a service offering in commercial release in Q1'17 following our initial
$1.5M sale of equity.
- $7M of clinical research proves 30% decrease in adverse medical events with

implementation of the /-PASS Handoff program.

- April 2017, the I-PASS Study Group was by awarded the John M. Eisenberg Awar

Innovation in Patient Safety & Quality by the Joint Commission and National Quality
Forum.

- -PASS was the winner of the 2014 Cox Award & Finalist in the 2015 Harvard Business
School / Harvard Medical School Health Acceleration Challenge.

- Arecent analysis of a large portion of national malpractice claims data from 2001 to
2011 showed that the use of a handoff process and tool, such as I-PASS, could reduce

malpractice claims by 18%, or over $12 billion annually in the US

https//ipassinstitutecom ¥ f &

Why | Like I-PASS Patient Safety Institute

Healthcare has changed dramatically and handoffs, which were never very good,
have now become dangerously inadequate. This has become more acute with a
greater range of diagnoses and treatments, team-based care and work hour

restrictions. We lag far behind other high reliability professions.

David Shahian, MD

VICE PRESIDENT, EDWARD P. LAWRENCE CENTER FOR QUALITY AND SAFETY, MASSACHUSETTS GENERAL HOSPITAL

THE BUZZ ABOUT I-PASS PATIENT SAFETY INSTITUTE

L-PASS has made a significant improvement in patient safety at Lucile Packard Children’s
Hospital Stanford, and we are now spreading it across Stanford Medical Center as well. I have
seen first-hand how the I-PASS framework has helped expose potential patient safety errors,
and saved patients from having to experience these errors. This is the single most effective
patient safety educational bundle that I have seen in my 9 years of program leadership!
Becky Blankenburg, MD, MPH

Every patient knows that poor communication can lead to errors. I-PASS is a simple, structured
communication method that has led to a 30% reduction in medical error in pilot hospitals.
There are very few interventions in the world that can claim that kind of success rate.

Helen Haskell
Mother and Founder of Mothers Against Medical Err

As an investor, I look for businesses that are positioned to deliver superior returns. I believe the
market opportunity for I-PASS offerings is significant and the industry is ripe for the
establishment of a standard. The intellectual property from the I-PASS studies and the
licensed trademark are key assets supporting I-PASS becoming the market standard. An
excellent foundation has been laid, success is now up to the experienced management team to
execute and seize their first mover advantage.

David Rochon

under & CEO, SavingStar

Thave been in healthcare my entire career running a multi-million-dollar medical company. I
am aware of the patient safety issues that hospitals face. When I reviewed the I-PASS program
and offering I quickly knew that this offering could have an enormous impact on hospital,
malpractice carriers and more importantly patients’ lives. Iam thrilled to be an investor and
believe that this will be an important long term investment for me and for healthcare.

Steve Vail

Former SVP Glob ting & Corporate Compliance, Atrium Medic

CRICO Supports I-PASS Study Group: Eisenberg Award Recipient

prpsivgtovaen, CRICO Supports I-PASS Study Group: Eisenberg Award Recipient

crico

Joint Commis:

n, NGF name 3 Eisenberg Patient Safety award winners

Hospital Review

The Joint Commission and the National Quality Forum announced Tuesday the three
winners of the 2016 John M. Eisenberg Patient Safety and Quality Awards. The award,

named after John M. Eisenberg, MD, the former administrator of the Agency for
April In om

Boston Children’s Hospital Awarded John M. Eisenberg Award for
Leading the I-PASS Study Group

PRWeb

Duntvinwiyiomess "Because we know that miscommunications so commonly lead to serious medical
errors, and because the frequency of handoffs in the hospital is increasing, there is no
question that high-quality handoff improvement programs need to be a top priority

’
ee Shift Changes in Hospitals Can Put Patients at Risk
oe sd
éd » A study finds miscommunication during the crucial "handoff" of a patient from one
doctor to another is a frequent cause of hospital errors.

everyday

Mass. Doctors Discuss Results, Impact of Communication Research
a, (NECN) - Boston Children’s Hospital is a national leader in research of child illnesses.

Now England's [Eston Amy Starmer and Dr. Chris Landrigan, who worked on this research, joined us for

Improved patient ‘hand-off’ at hospital shift changes reduced errors -

The The Boston Globe
x

next shift, sometimes standing in the hallway with their pagers ringing and the frenzy
of the hospital swirling around them. Important information about a patient's

The Problem: Medical errors are the 3rd leading cause of death in
the United States.

Communication errors, including those that occur during a "handoff",
which occurs during every shift change at a hospital, and when a patient
moves locations at a hospital, are a leading cause of medical errors. Almost
half of the sentinel events (unexpected occurrences involving death or
serious physical or psychological injury, or the risk thereof) reported to The
Joint Commission in 2016 involved handoff failures, for which
communication among staff (including clinical staff) was the most

frequently identified contributing factor.

Cancer copp
585K 149k
2.6 million
C Suicide
“British Medical Journal 41K
Heart 2016; (353312139
(Published 03 May 2016) Firearms
\ Gr ( 34K
611K

( Motor Vehicles
34K

THE SOLUTION: I-PASS

L-PASS is a multi-faceted program that standardizes verbal and written

communications used during a patient handoff, I-PASS was developed over
a nearly 10-year period, with the support of over 150 medical professionals,
funded by $7 million in grant funding from a number of sources, including

the following:

Boston
Children's
Hospital

Until every child is well

Protecting Providers: PS |
Promoting Safely.

FOUNDATION

ty,

Fv

pcori
AHRQ See hwo ante

These rigorously designed research studies demonstrated a 30% reduction
in rates of preventable harmful medical errors following implementation of
the I-PASS Handoff Program. Academic studies documenting the impact of
I-PASS have been reported in a number of leading medical journals and

publications, including:

Journal of

JAMA. @ jessiesiestin HOSPITAL

coy

PEDIATRICS MedEdPORTAL

f ANESTHESIOLOGY
ACADEMIC
MEDICINE

Acapemic PEpIatrics R

Through the research and studies, I-PASS has evolved and currently

consists of a series of complementary handoff improvement interventions

organized around “I-PASS” (I: Illness Severity, P: Patient Summary, A:
Action List, S: Situation Awareness and Contingency Plans, S: Synthesis by
Receiver) —a mnemonic designed to help doctors and other providers
remember the standardized communication structure and key elements of

the handoff process.

Ina July 2016 primer on handoffs and signouts, the Agency for Healthcare
Research and Quality “AHRQ”, an agency within the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services, stated that: “The I-PASS signout format is now
widely used in graduate medical education and is considered the gold

standard for effective signout communication between physicians.”

I-PASS Mnemonic I--PASS

A Standar

xd Structure for Communi

liness Severity
Stable, Watcher Unstable |

Patient Summary
‘Summary statement, events leading up to admission; hospital
course; ongoing assessment; plan

Action List
To do list timeline and ownership

Situation Awareness & Contingency Planning
‘Know whats going on; plan for what might happen |

Synthesis by Receiver
Receiver summarizes what was heard, asks questions
restates key actionfo do items

The additional components of the I-PASS program that have evolved
through the research and I-PASS studies, and include: training programs,
integration of the standard structure into computerized handoff tools
within the electronic medical record, structured observations of handoffs in
the clinical workplace to facilitate quality improvement initiatives, faculty
and team development, and a culture change campaign to support
adoption and sustainability. The experience gained by the I-PASS
leadership team on how to successfully implement I-PASS at an
institutional level is a significant asset to future implementations.

Asa result of the academic studies, it has been demonstrated that the
successful use of I-PASS by medical professionals benefits all involved
parties. Most importantly, the safety and health of the patient is improved.
Additionally, medical professionals, hospitals and medical insurers benefit
from avoidance of the social, psychological, and financial burdens of
making errors that harm patients, as well as by enhanced reputations. The
reduction of medical errors eliminates costs from the healthcare systems
through both the elimination of events caused by the errors, and also
through the reduction in associated malpractice claims that may derive

from such a medical error.

|-PASS Handoff Program Summary [PASS

Excellent Benefits fo All Stakeholders

+ 30% reduction in Preventable
Patent (2h) amp {* horseten!
+ 23% Reduction in All Medical
Errors
Medical Staff = .
_Z time to the handoff process ~
Time Neutral
Hospital = Significant Financial
Benefits due to reduction

in errors
Improved Quality of Care and

Insurer @) ae eS

Handoff does not add

t

I-PASS PATIENT SAFETY INSTITUTE: SCALING I-PASS FOR BROAD ADOPTION

In evaluating how to scale I-PASS for broader hospital dissemination it
became clear that starting a company to scale the initial academic
framework that was developed through the studies was necessary. In April
2016, the I-PASS Patient Safety Institute was founded. Over the past year,
leveraging research findings and invaluable lessons learned from
implementation of the program in more than 50 hospitals, the I-PASS
Patient Safety Institute developed our product and professional service
offerings to help hospitals overcome typical barriers to I-PASS

implementation.

I-PASS Patient Safety Institute has standardized the process for I-PASS
adoption and sustainment. Our certified mentors guide hospitals every step
of the way in the key project phases of assessment of the baseline state,
planning for implementation, training providers, and ensuring long term

ongoing continuous improvement and sustainment of I-PASS.

‘We have an exclusive license, from Boston Children's Hospital, to use the

I-PASS trademark for communications related to patient handoffs.

1
or Service

willl
4///?¢/ 1) {fp

HOW WE MAKE MONEY

We market our software as a service (SaaS) offering and related
professional services that are delivered by our experienced team to
hospitals. We developed and built out our initial Virtual Immersive
Learning and Observational Measurement software products over the past
year, and those products went into commercial release in the first quarter of
2017. We also have relationships with other third-party companies to
provide the technology for our electronic healthcare software as a service

offering,

‘We sell term-based licenses to hospitals to use our software as a service
offerings and the associated data fees. We anticipate that the majority of
our revenue will be derived from those software offerings, and that we will
be able to manage our costs for software offerings in order to have gross
margins in line with other high-performing SaaS companies. Our
professional mentor services are provided to hospitals for a fee as well,
often in connection with our licensed software, and at times as a standalone
fee charged to hospitals. When sold standalone, those professional services
are generally in the context of an initial evaluation study to help hospitals
assess their current capabilities as relates to handoff communications, and
therefore build a value proposition for a broader implementation of our

product and service offerings.

EHR integration Sofware & Services
jrom our Cerified

Software Access & Data Fees Expert Implementation Guidance & Support

viral centted implementato Proeram cen oe
immersive observation analytics & rien Guide Manager Me are

teeing Measurement Bencrarting Software

~™ @®@o0OO @O€&

SIGNIFICANT MARKETS FOR OUR SOFTWARE AND SERVICE OFFERINGS

OUR INITIAL MARKET

Our initial market, based on our existing products and services, are
targeted to the communication between medical professionals used in
hospital inpatient settings. We are initially focused on the U.S. market, but

our products have applicability across the globe. Within the U.S. market, the

majority of the opportunity for our sales is to community hospitals, of
which there are 5,564 based on a 2016 survey by the American Hospital
Association. We estimate our U.S. market opportunity with our existing
products and services to be over $500 million per year. I-PASS as used in
this hospital inpatient setting is applicable to markets outside of the U.S.,
and we believe that those markets outside of the U.S. are equal to or greater

than the U.S. market opportunity.

4,862 $500 million

Estimated U.S. Market

Total U.S. Hospitals
P for Our Services

OUR FUTURE MARKETS
Our existing products and services are targeted to the communications
-PASS also

between medical professionals in hospital inpatient settings.
has applications to handoff communications that are outside of those that
take place solely between medical professionals. The I-PASS Study Group is
currently studying Patient & Family I-PASS that will target improving the
handoff process between medical professionals and the patient / family of
the patient. Additionally, I-PASS has applicability in an ambulatory setting.
We believe that the markets for “Patient & Family I-PASS” & “Ambulatory
I-PASS” are larger than the market for I-PASS in an inpatient setting.

|-PASS used in an inpatient setting
(Current Products to U.S. Market)

FPASS used In an Inpatient setting
(Current Products to worldwide (WW) Markets)

Patient & Family PASS.
(WW Markets)

‘Ambulatory PASS
(WW Markets)

REDUCING COSTS IN THE MEDICAL SYSTEM

A byproduct of our mission is that we also reduce costs within the medical
system. By improving handoffs, and reducing medical errors, the
downstream costs associated with those medical errors are removed from
our healthcare system. A 2010 study indicated that 2.4% of all annual
healthcare spending in the United States, which equals $55.6 billion
(approximately $70.8 billion in 2016 after accounting for inflation) is spent
on medical liability issues. Those issues include downstream medical

procedures as well as malpractice claims and related costs.

In a May 2017 presentation at the Pediatric Academic Societies (PAS)
Meeting, researchers presented data from a random sampling of 23,000
malpractice claims from 2001 to 2011. In these findings, it was noted that
52.0% of malpractice claims involved a communication error. 41.4% of those
cases involved a handoff of care. The researchers noted that it was possible
that a standard handoff process and tool may have averted 83.6% of those
claims involving a handoff of care. Accordingly, the adoption and use of a
tool such as I-PASS is estimated to potentially reduce 18% of total U.S.
malpractice claims, which would save $12.7 billion from the U.S. healthcare

system.

$12.7B

Preventable
with LPASS

Sim. |PASS

Sel

Initial Single Site

Study Begins 32 Site SHM ~ ~
L-PASS is born at Mentored I-PASS Patient Friends and I-PASS Study Patient & Family
Boston Children's Implementatation Safety Institute Family Preferred Group Wins I-PASS Published
Hospital. Study Begins Founded Stock Round Eisenberg Award Results
July 2009 March 2014 April 2016 November 2016 - January 2017 April 2017 an 2018
e e e e e e e e e e e e
January 2011 November 2014 September 2016 March 2017 a4 2017 a4 2018
HEALTH P= \ —~e
ACCELERATION =e
‘CHALLENGE > canto
v \
9 Site I-PASS Winner Cox First Sale to Products are Targeting being Targeting being
Study Begins Award Customer Commercially in ~15 customer cash flow
Finalist in HBS/HMS Nationally Recognized Released accounts positive
Health Care Hospital

Acceleration

Challenge

Letter From Our Founder

Dear potential I-PASS investors and supporters,

For decades, the healthcare community has known that medical errors are a major problem in our
hospitals. Far too many patients die or are harmed as a consequence of care they receive, despite the
best intentions of their doctors and nurses. Miscommunications are a leading cause of these harms,
particularly during “handoffs” at change of shift or when a patient changes locations in the hospital.
At an average sized U.S. hospital, there are approximately 1.6 million handoffs every year. We
developed I-PASS, a multi-faceted handoff improvement program, to fix this problem.

Over the past nearly 10 years, I have had the honor of working with the five physician co-founders of
the I-PASS Patient Safety Institute, as well as over 150 physicians, nurses, family advocates, and
others to carry out a series of studies to look at what happened when we put I-PASS into practice.
Since we started I-PASS in 2009, the program has been extensively refined, tested and adapted, and

well-integrated into doctors’ and nurses’ workflow patterns.

With the support of over $7 million in federal and foundation grants, we found in our first major study
that implementing I-PASS led to a 30% reduction across 9 hospitals in injuries due to medical errors,
and in subsequent studies found similar benefits in a diverse group of 35 adult and pediatric
hospitals across the country. I-PASS leads to improvements in handoffs for physicians and nurses. It
works across specialties, in academic and community hospitals alike. Additional research into this
topic has found that an estimated 80 percent of the most serious medical errors in hospitals can be
linked to communication failures, particularly during patient handoffs.

My interest in handoffs began early in my career, during my medical residency and fellowship. I
trained in the late 1990s, just as the healthcare community began to recognize the scope of the
patient safety problem in our hospitals. I became interested initially in studying the effects of sleep
deprivation on patient safety and performance, as I had personally struggled with the effects of a
lack of sleep on my ability to provide appropriate care to my patients as a trainee. I learned very
quickly that Iwas not alone in this struggle. I led studies documenting the effects of doctors’ sleep
deprivation on patient safety, and advocated for policies to begin to move the profession towards
safer work hours. Although we still have a long way to go on this front, we have begun to take some
small steps forward. However, as I worked to eliminate the 24-hour and longer shifts that doctors
have traditionally worked, it became apparent that a reduction of each work shift would translate to
more shift changes and more handoffs. To support those shift changes, we needed to reduce the risk
inherent in handoffs, and I-PASS was born.

It is extremely gratifying to see I-PASS beginning to spread, but we are truly just at the beginning.
While we have managed to introduce the program in over 50 hospitals, there are over 6,000 hospitals
in the U.S. alone. Even in the 50 hospitals where we have gotten I-PASS started, the program is for the
most part being used in only a couple of units or departments. Grants and an academic approach to
the problem were crucial for getting started, but in order to scale the program so that it has a real
impact on the safety of the healthcare system, we need to work differently.

The I-PASS Patient Safety Institute was created to meet this tremendous need. The Institute has now
been in existence for just over one year, and in that time we have developed a series of product
offerings that are allowing us to take the key elements of I-PASS - an interactive handoff training
program, modification of oral and written handoff processes in hospitals, and tracking,
reinforcement, and iterative improvement of those processes over time - and scale them for
hospital-wide application. We have been working intensively with several hospitals to test the initial
commercial release of our products and have been tuning our related professional service offerings
that leverage the nearly 10 years of research that we have put into I-PASS. The feedback that the
I-PASS Patient Safety Institute has received on the applicability and usability of our products has
been extremely positive, and we believe that our product and service offerings will be able to help
large numbers of hospitals achieve their goal of improving patient safety, while having the added
benefit of driving down costs that are associated with medical errors (including the costs of care
associated with medical errors and medical malpractice claims).

In closing, I want to thank you for spending your valuable time to understand more about I-PASS and
the I-PASS Patient Safety Institute. We hope that you share our passion for patient safety. Should you
elect to invest in us through this crowdfunding offering, you will be joining our friends and family,
who invested in us at the same per share price that we are offering to you. We would be honored to
have you become a part of the I-PASS family.

Thank you for considering joining us,

Christopher P. Landrigan, MD, MPH
Principal Investigator, I-PASS Study Group
Co-Founder and Board Member, FPASS Patient Safety Institute

Meet the Founders

Chris Landrigan, MD, Daniel West, MD Nancy Spector, MD
MPH Founder Founder & Board Member

Residency eral pediatrician. Former Pediatric

Founder & Board Member

Program a
Departmer

Program Director, St.

s at the Universi fessor

California, San Francisco. spment, Drexel

Raj Srivastava, MD, Amy Starmer, MD, MPH Theodore C. Sectish, MD
FRCP(C), MPH Founder & Board Member Founder & Board Member

>

Founder

ical School. Director of Primary Care Quality

y, Department of Me
at the Univer e Divis

g pediatric

's Hospital. project.

AND THE REST OF THE TEAM

¢, y »
Christina Hazekamp William Floyd Tim O'Shea Scott Pitt
Project Manager Chief Executive Officer Vice President, Business Chief Financial Officer

Development
Seasoned exe

Joined us as Program

try For 30+ years at t
Fortune 500 Medi

| Executive at private

ical companies 20+ years at Boston Scienti

health and 's two early stage reting and

ns. Firsthand Mee,

managing

ut

background i

Most recently,

nd CEO of CSA jowledge of governance, CFO, Controller and similar roles.

ancial, legal

ssist customers IPASS

strategic transactions.

Raised $1,636,083 From 149+ Investors

$397,494 $1,500,000 * $136,083
October 2016 January 2017 In Progress
WVERTIBLE NOTE PRICED R
ee
William Floyd David Rochon New Ground Ventures
Me cecutive-35 years global experience, Co-foundler/CEO SavingStar, Ine. Pre An investment platform fundin,

CEO/Presiclent, Commercial Competency president, Upromise, Inc. minded, early

rience, Zeit

marketing and sal

Experienced in b 500 and early Princip.

stage companies Capital.

E 4 v/
Scott Pitt Bruce Diamond William Floyd

Executive

ies ‘echnologies cecutive-35 years global experience,

CEO/Presiclent, Commercial Compete

marketing and sales, capital raise experience,

Experienced in both Fortune 500 and early

stage companies

MORE INVESTORS

Interview

WF: How will you make money? ~

IP: We market our software as a service (SaaS) offering and related professional
services that are delivered by our experienced team to hospitals. We built out our
initial training and observational measurement software over the past year, and
those products went into commercial release in the first quarter of 2017. We also
have relationships with other third party companies to provide the technology for
our electronic healthcare software as a service offering. We sell term-based
licenses to hospitals to use our software as a service offerings. Our professional
mentor services are provided to hospitals for a fee as well, often in connection
with our licensed software, and at times as a standalone fee charged to hospitals.
When sold standalone, those professional services are generally in the context of
an initial evaluation study to help hospitals assess their current capabilities as
relates to handoff communications, and therefore build a value proposition for a
broader implementation of our product and service offerings.

‘WF: Who are your competitors? How are you different? ~

IP: The historic studies that were conducted for I-PASS have been structured and
executed in order to provide statistically valid, evidence-based results. I-PASS is
the only program that we are aware of that offers such results. We have built the
I-PASS Institute’s product and service offerings based on these findings, and we
are not aware of any other communication standards that measure up to such
rigor.

We have entered into an exclusive trademark license agreement with Boston
Children’s Hospital in December 2016 for the use of the I-PASS trademark in
connection with handoffs in a clinical setting in the United States, excluding one
branch of the U.S. government. The Company has the exclusive right to use the
trademark for an initial period of 48 months, which may be extended indefinitely
if we reach certain minimum revenue levels in future periods, as defined in our
agreement with Boston Children’s Hospital.

Hospitals may elect to try to implement the I-PASS program on their own, using
their own staff and other resources to do so. A recent publication documenting
the implementation of I-PASS at a large academic medical center noted that the
adoption required major cultural change. Additionally, the article noted that
assuring consistent and sustained adoption across all services is more
challenging, requiring adaptation of the basic I-PASS structure to individual
hospital needs and workflows.

WF: How big is your | market? ~

IP: We are initially pursuing the U.S. hospital market with respect to
communication between medical professionals. Within that market, our larger
opportunities are directed at large academic medical centers, and our offerings
are applicable to nearly all hospitals with inpatient services. We estimate this U.S.
market for our products and services to be in excess of $500 million per year.

The initial studies of I-PASS related to communication between healthcare
professionals, and those studies have been primarily in the U.S. Notwithstanding
the location of the I-PASS studies, the use and value of I-PASS is equally valid
worldwide, and we plan to pursue markets outside of the U.S. We estimate that
market outside of the USS. to exceed the size of the U.S. market.

WF: Do you have plans for ad jonal growth? ~

In addition to I-PASS being used for communication among medical
professionals, the I-PASS Study Group is currently broadening I-PASS studies for
use in the communication between: (i) medical professionals and the patient / the
patient’s family (Patient and Family I-PASS), and (ii) the use of I-PASS in an
outpatient setting (Ambulatory I-PASS). Pending the results of those studies, we
believe that these may be incremental markets for us in the future.

WF: What is your current liquidity, and what will you do with the
money you receive from this financing round? ~

IP: As of June 30, 2017, we had $301,300 of cash on hand, and $80,200 of accounts
receivable. As of July 11, 2017 we additionally have contracts from customers that
include committed payments of $93,400 that are due at varying dates in 2017,
bringing current and our available minimum 2017 cash resources to $474,900.

We had previously raised $1.5 million through the issuance of preferred stock
From our inception through Q1'17 we used a large portion of those funds to
develop our software as a service product offerings, and to build out our sales and
marketing channels, and for other organizational startup needs.

During the second quarter of calendar 2017, with our initial products having gone
into commercial release at the end of Q1 2017, we have reduced our relative
expenditures for research and development activities, but do continue to spend
on the improvement and breadth of our products. Similarly, we have completed
many branding and other marketing activities during the first quarter of 2017.
With the completion of certain of those activities, our cash burn rate reduced by
42% in Q2 2017.

With the net proceeds that we receive from this financing round we will expand
our sales and marketing efforts to reach our target audience of hospitals located
in the United States, and opportunistically in any other regions of the world. We
will also be continuing to provide updates and expansions to our software as a
service offerings. We will also be evaluating the appropriate time for investment
of our next potential products for I-PASS Patient & Family.

‘WF: Why do you have two series of preferred stock being sold? How
does this preferred stock being sold compare to the preferred stock
you sold historically? ~

IP: We are selling our Seed Preferred Stock in this offering. We are selling the Seed
Preferred Stock, as we believe that all of our shareholders should have the ability
to participate in the upside of the Company from the initial time that they invest.
The per share price of the Seed Preferred Stock, $8.5511 per share, is identical to
the $1.5 million of preferred stock that we sold in late 2016 and early 2017 to our
‘friends and families’. We also brought on an independent director to our Board of
Directors in November 2016, in connection with the investment from the Seed
Preferred Stock shareholders (elected by the majority of the Series A Seed
Preferred Stockholders).

The Series A Seed Preferred Stock is identical in all terms to that sale sold to our
‘friends and families’ and is being offered to accredited investors that invest a
minimum of $10,000 in this offering.

The Series B Seed Preferred Stock is very similar to the Series A Seed Preferred
Stock, but does not include voting rights and does not include certain other
transfer rights. We have limited the voting and transfer rights of the Series B Seed
Preferred Stock to allow us to manage our costs and administrative requirements
associated with those attributes, while allowing each shareholder to participate on
an equal economic benefit of the upside on their investment.

Additional detailed information related to our two classes of Preferred Stock can
be found in our Investment Agreement and our Form C.

WF: I see that you were incorporated in April 2016, but discuss
I-PASS as far back as 2009. Did something happen? ~

IP: The founders of our company were initially involved in research studies as far
back as 2009. Those studies resulted in the I-PASS program, based on the I-PASS
mnemonic used to help memorize the steps in the communication standard that
was being developed, but also including broader elements related to the written
and verbal communication process.

The research group aptly named themselves the “I-PASS Study Group”. The
L-PASS Study Group continues to exist, and continues to conduct research on
additional ways that I-PASS can contribute to patient safety.

Based on the positive results from the initial research of how medical
professionals communicate with each other, our founders wanted to more broadly
disseminate the use of I-PASS, in order to contribute to patient safety. Following a
recommendation that came out of the Harvard Business School / Harvard Medical
School Health Acceleration Challenge, our founders decided to start a company
that could commercialize their research, allowing for the expanding use of I-PASS.

So, although we, as a company, are only a year old, our foundation is nearly ten
years old, and inchides $7 million of grant funding to develop the I-PASS method
of communication.

WF: What is your exit strategy? And when would you expect that to
occur? ~

IP: We are building the I-PASS Patient Safety Institute as a standalone,
self-sufficient company. We believe that that allows us the best paths for
long-term success of all constituents. As a standalone, self-sufficient company we
will put ourselves in a position to potentially become a public company if that
path made sense for us (and our management team has experience running and
managing public companies). Similarly, it is very conceivable that we would be an
attractive target for acquisition by another company at some point in the future. It
is too early to predict any specific outcome, and such a determination is likely
more than a couple of years out. Accordingly, we are currently focusing our efforts
on building a world class company that enhances patients safety and drives down
costs in our healthcare system.

Ask a Question

Type your question here. ASK QUESTION

Barnaby Zelman v
What was the [pre-money] valuation of your $1.5m fixed-price round completed
January this year?

Scott Pitt Chief Financial Officer GED v
Bamaby, thank you for your question. The pre-money valuation before our
$15 million raise was $8.0 million. With the same per share purchase price,
we view this crowdfunding raise to effectively be an extension of that initial
capital raise.

Jeff Park v
Hi - I'm very interested in investing. A few questions: 1) How long is the typical sales
cycle? 2) How long does it take to implement your platform? 3) What is the average
ROI for the hospital and how long does it take to realize the ROI? Thanks in advance.

Scott Pitt Chief Financial Officer
Jeff, thank you for your questions. As a relatively young company, we have
limited experience in selling our product and service solutions to our
customers. From our experience to date, we have seen some sales cycles
that lead to a sale over a few month period, while other sales have taken a
little under a year. We also have ongoing discussions with some customer
prospects that have been ongoing for over one year. We anticipate, but
cannot accurately predict at this point, that certain smaller sales may
continue to take a few months, and that larger enterprise sales cycles may
often be longer than one year.

Our platform was designed to allow for a quicker implementation than was
accomplished during the academic studies that were conducted when
creating the I-PASS program; similar to the sales cycle, an implementation
period depends on the size and scope of the sale. Generally, a single
department within a hospital could achieve an initial implementation of
E-PASS over a few month period. For larger full-scale engagements at a full
hospital, the initial implementation could take two to three years.
Regardless of the size of the implementation, the I-PASS program was
designed to provide an institution with the tools to both conduct an initial
implementation, and then as importantly to have training and tools that
will support the sustainment of

I-PASS over a longer period of time.

The return on investment (ROI) for any hospital depends on a number of
factors, and to fully realize that ROI, we believe that the majority of hospital
medical staff would need to be trained and use I-PASS in performing every
handoff, every day. The consistent and successful use of I-PASS would
deliver ROI from an economic perspective in two primary aspects. The first
being through costs savings that are associated with the reduction in
adverse events (each adverse event that occurs leads to additional medical
procedure, potential length of stay, and possibly increased readmission
rates). The second aspect of savings is associated with a reduction in
malpractice claims. Depending on how a hospital’s malpractice insurance is
set up, either the hospital or the malpractice carrier may be the party to
realize the economic benefit associated with lower claims. When working
with potential customers, through incorporating various research
conducted by other parties over the years we calculate an estimated annual
cost savings based on the two aspects noted above, that analysis is
generally based on the hospitals size and number of annual admissions; the
annual costs savings that are indicated through that assessment are
generally many multiples higher than the costs to implement and then
sustain I-PASS.

MORE QUESTIONS

RISKS

Sales of our product licenses and the related revenue from those
sales require

significant time and effort and are therefore difficult to predict
accurately. This unpredictability in the timing or amount of our
receipt of revenue may cause our results of operations to vary
considerably.

Our direct sales force’s efforts to attract new customers require
substantial time and effort, and we cannot assure you that we will be
uccessful in establishing new relationships or maintaining or
advancing our current relationships. Further, many of our customers
typically require one or more internal levels of approval before they
can purchase our products and services. As a result, during our sales
efforts, we must identify multiple people involved in the purchasing
decision and devote a sufficient amount of time to presenting our
and services to those individuals. The breadth of our
often requires us to spend substantial time and effort
sting potential customers in evaluating our products and servi
including providing demonstrations. This process can be costly and
and we often do not know if any given sales effor
ful until th C of tho:

READ MORE RISKS

OTHER DISCLOSURES

Read the Form C filed with the SEC for other important disclosures, like
financial statements, Director: s, shareholders with more than 20!
voting rights, and m

THE FUNDING PORTAL

I-PASS Patient Safety Institute is conducting a Regulation Crowdfunding
offering via Wefunder Portal LLC. CRD Number: #283503.

INVEST

hange my mind e]
How is Wefunc ompens,
ner que:

About us Investors Founders Say Hello

