Discover Investments Launch an icf Diana C.

Q

start i i
art ty Edit My Campaign

LiteScape Technologies is pending StartEngine Approval.

> PLAY VIDEO

$0.00

Raised of $10K - $107K goal
LiteScape Technologies 9

Innovative Enterprise Software Company
Small OPO

LiteScape

@ San Diego, CA ® Software & Services

comments [ER

@ US Investors Only

Overview Team Terms Updates

Improving processes across
courtrooms and jails.

LiteScape Technologies Inc.

LiteScape Technologies is an innovative enterprise software company
that creates applications to make courtrooms and jails operate more
efficiently.

Technology is capable of dramatically changing the way local
government agencies interact with people who are taken into
custody by law enforcement. Connected Justice and Corrections
solutions bring together the systems of several dozen agencies involved in
the justice system in order to improve safety and reduce costs.

e LiteScape software will simplify court processes by improving
collaboration to increase the pace of justice, reach beyond
courthouse walls and control costs.

e It will provide more efficient services to inmate populations and
enable correctional institutions to improve staff and prisoner
safety, address overcrowding, and improve inmate management.

Sincerely,

Aleksey Feldman

Investment
$0.02/share of Common Stock | When you invest you are betting the
company's future value will exceed $3.5M.

This Offering is eligible for the
StartEngine Owners’ 10% Bonus.

For details on the bonus, please see the Offering Summary below.

Time to make the connection.

Litescape's Accomplishments

LiteScape Technologies has 4 products that are deployed across 85 customers worldwide with more than 200,000 users. Since last year we have
been concentrating on the Connected Justice vertical. We already have a pipeline of several U.S. counties, and we won one deal in Georgia.

Take a look at Litescape's current certifications and deployments:

e JITC certification
e FIPS certification
e DISA deployed
e Army

ong Test Frc! ;

OEAMIDTA e Air Force

e Collin County, TX
e San Joaquin County, CA
e Muscogee County, GA

‘Shavit

Remete Asponing ot Probationars
nd Enmanced Rapoing for
Saul Volt Precairs (SVPs)

Poles Depanments Pubte Seterder

or Private Atorney

Products

LiteScape

CallTrackPro--Time/Cost tracking

OnCast Directory

SmartRoute--Dynamic Routing

1 a

What Makes Litescape's Products Different

Our products have been certified by the most secure testing facility--Fort Huachuca, AZ JITC. We hold one patent for secure authentication of Voice of IP
device with BIO/RFID/MAG reader. The U.S. Department of Defense specifically asked for our products to be deployed in their environment. Our team
has broad experience in telecommunications and VoIP industry over the past 20 years.

sire
Certified

Litescape's Key Differentiators

e Patented Technology

e Our products are designed and deployed to complex collaboration
environments within medium and large enterprise

e Multi-vendor support

e Flexible platform

e Recognized brand in Unified Communications/VoIP market

e Well connected into UC community

e Partnerships with Cisco Systems, Polycom, BroadSoft

The Market Opportunity

Connected Justice is $2 Billion industry per Cisco System lead Chief of Justice Daniel Stewart, and it is growing exponentially with improvements
and more to come in next 5 years.

We Work in a Rapidly Expanding Space t, 2015 ~ 2021 (USD
According to the latest market report published by Persistence Market
Research, the global VoIP services market was valued at US $85.9 Bin i
2015 and is anticipated to increase at a CAGR of 9.5% over 2016 - 202, 3
to reach US $194.5B by 2024. Hl
H
Source
Source 2015 , ‘2016 2017 2018 , 2019 2020 , 2021
sm Revenue
Source: ion Research Analysis 2016

How many people are locked up in the United States?

der the man

With shrinking budgets and rising caseloads, now is the time to bring

innovation into the courthouse and to improve the way justice is

to first c 2.3 million people ate confine

delivered — from law enforcement, to the court system, through
corrections.

Amore efficient solution—and one with long-term benefits—is to
streamline court processes by improving collaboration and
increasing the safety and security of the court. With a comprehensive
communications strategy in place, it is possible for the court system to
address more cases with current resource levels — or, in some cases, a
reduced number of resources.

LiteScape applications will help to drive this government initiative
and keep it secure and accountable. We will integrate into multiple

ERISON aspects of courtroom and jail technology.

Source

Invest in Litescape Today!

Connected
- Justice Vertical ;
liteScape Launched eae
aunches on
Litescape Bie StartEngine!
Founded = LS

Connected Justice Litescape seeks

LiteScape was vertical per lots of $107,000 from
incorporated in customer everyday
2003. requests. investors.
2003 June 2017 March 2018
@ e ® e e
August 2013 November 2017
LiteScape
LiteScape
Restructured
Current
management team
and board Muscongee
members chosen County Jail, GA
torunthe Deal Won
company.
We closed our first
deal in the
Connected Justice

vertical and have
more in pipeline.

In the Press

@ mitsusosti

‘ MARKET
OnCast Ty RED

Meet Our Team

Aleksey Feldman

CEO, Director

Aleksey is responsible for developing and implementing
customer programs designed to strengthen the direct
relationship LiteScape has with its customers.He has 20+
years of experience in the data communications
industry. Aleksey has held various positions in IT and
operations during his career. He has successful
experiences with both established companies (MCI, EFI
and XO) as well as start-up organizations (OneBox,
GoBeam and HotVoice). He has a BS in
Telecommunications from the Golden Gate University
and an MS in Information Systems Management from
University of San Francisco. Positions: 2005-2013:
LiteScape Technologies Director of Technical Support
August 2013-Present LiteScape Technologies CEO, Board
Director

in)

@ § © &

Diego Aragon
Financial Advisor
Diego is responsible for all financial
operations of the company, including
finance, legal, and human resources.
Diego possesses over 18 years of
financial and executive leadership
experience with technology-based start-
ups and public companies. Mr. Aragon
has served as VP of Finance and
Corporate Controller for several privately
held start-up software and hardware
companies where he manage the due-
diligence and M&A process and drove the
build out and value-add focus of the
company’s treasury, corporate finance,
financial reporting and business
modeling. Prior to LiteScape, Mr. Aragon
was the Division Controller at Tandberg
Television (acquired by Ericson), Director
of Finance & Corporate Controller at
SkyStream Networks (acquired by
Tandberg Television), Aruba Networks,
Terraspring (acquired by Sun
Microsystems), Assured Access (acquired
by Alcatel) and Alantec (acquired by Fore
Systems). Mr. Aragon holds a BS Degree
in Business Administration. His
philanthropic commitments extend to
children with special needs and inner city
youth. Mr. Aragon is a mentor with a
local educational program at San Jose
City College, Puente Program.

Frank Vargas
Advisor/Attorney
Frank Vargas is an attorney who holds a
unique combination of legal and
business experience that differentiates
him from other corporate and financial
lawyers. As an attorney, he has more
than 32 years of experience in corporate
and securities law, and has represented
and counseled some of the largest and
best-known technology companies and
venture capital funds in the United
States. His clients range from public and
private companies as well as venture and
private equity funds in Silicon Valley, Los
Angeles, Salt Lake City, Seattle, Madison,
Minneapolis, and Boston. He regularly
counsels clients on a variety of legal as
well as business matters such as Angel
and Venture Financing, Initial and
Secondary Public Offerings, Mergers and
Acquisitions, Contracts, and Complex
Technology Licensing.

in)

Koranin Suwannaprasert
Advisor, Director
Broad-minded, bilingual, deep thinking
technologist with a proven track record
Spanning fifteen years and multiple
industries. Experienced in program
management. Comfortable with object-
oriented, functional and procedural
programming techniques. Uncommonly
devoted to craftsmanship, developing
efficiently complete solutions and helping
others embody their full potential.
Proven effectiveness in resource-
constrained environments. Positions:
2008-May 2017 LiteScape Technologies
Senior Software Engineer August 2013-
May 2017 LiteScape Technoogies Director
of Engineering May 2017-Present Zirja,
Inc, CTO

in)

Shabnam Agah
Director of Operations, Director
Shabnam is responsible for LiteScape's

release engineering and quality
assurance operations. She leads the
Software Quality Assurance, Build
Engineering and Operations to ensure
that our products conform to existing
and new software engineering processes
and procedures.She defines and
developes testing strategies and service
offerings to meet the various project
requirements and ensure the success of
the team. Positions: 2008-2011
LiteScape Technologies QA Engineer
2011-2013 LiteScape Technologies Senior
QA Engineer 2013-Present LiteScape
Technologies Director of Operations,
Board Director

in)

Offering Summary
Maximum 5,350,000* shares of common stock ($107,000)
*Maximum subject to adjustment for bonus shares. See 10% Bonus below
Minimum 500,000 shares of common stock ($10,000)

Company LiteScape Technologies Inc.

Corporate Address 12707 High Bluff Drive, Suite 200, San Diego, CA 92130
Description of Business Enterprise Software Company
Type of Security Offered Common Stock

Purchase Price of Security Offered $0.02/share

Minimum Investment Amount (per investor)

The 10% Bonus for StartEngine Shareholders

$500

LiteScape Technologies Inc. will offer 10% additional bonus shares for all investments that are committed by StartEngine Crowdfunding Inc. shareholders (with = $1,000

invested in the StartEngine Reg A+ campaign) within 24 hours of this offering going live.

StartEngine shareholders who have invested $1,000+ in the StartEngine Reg A+ campaign will receive a 10% bonus on this offering within a 24-hour window of their campaign

launch date. This means you will receive a bonus for any shares you purchase. For example, if you buy 10,000 shares of Common Stock at $0.02 / share, you will receive 1,000

Common Stock bonus shares, meaning you'll own 11,000 shares for $200. Fractional shares will not be distributed and share bonuses will be determined by rounding down

to the nearest whole share.

This 10% Bonus is only valid for one year from the time StartEngine Crowdfunding Inc. investors receive their countersigned StartEngine Crowdfunding Inc. subscription
agreement.

Irregular Use of Proceeds

The Company will not incur any irregular use of proceeds.

Form C Filings

Risks

A crowdfunding investment involves risk. You should not invest any funds in this offering unless you can afford to lose your entire investment. In making an investment
decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the issuer and the terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved. These securities have not been
recommended or approved by any federal or state securities commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, these authorities have not passed upon the accuracy or
adequacy of this document. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission does not pass upon the merits of any securities offered or the terms of the offering, nor does it pass
upon the accuracy or completeness of any offering document or literature. These securities are offered under an exemption from registration; however, the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission has not made an independent determination that these securities are exempt from registration.

public co

Updates

Follow LiteScape Technologies to get notified of future updates!

Comments (0 total)

moment

“4
0/2500

About Connect Join Legal
start)
engine Blog Facebook StartEngine ICO 2.0 Summit Terms of Use
©2017 All Rights Reserved About Us Twitter Edit My Campaign Privacy Policy
FAQ Careers Investors Disclaimer
Linkedin
Instagram
Press Inquiries
Important Message
www.StartEngine.com is site owned by StartEnaine Crowdfunding, Inc. and operate rtEngine Crowe

tE

subsidiary,

funding

agree to be b

Investment opportunities po

in Juri:

your country of residence

>) and here as a mer

fat 750 N

r of the Fin:

d and ace

julatic

ich are offere
are made througt

credited investor

ible throug

t the

f off

Blvd #800, West Holly
is a funding porta
stry Regulatory Authority (FINRA). By accessing this site ¢
{ by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, as may be amended from time to time without notice or liability.

A+), which ai

site are of three types

offer

ad to Canadi

dvisors before investing

itis sole

or investm!

alike. No broker.

inding, Ine. 2

ulations of
