OFFERING MEMORANDUM

PART II OF OFFERING STATEMENT (EXHIBIT A TO FORM C)

ToGoBOX Inc.

10 Dorrance St
Suite 700
Providence, RI 02903

www .letstogobox.com

ToGoBOX

50000 shares of Common Stock

A crowdfunding investment involves risk. You should not invest any funds in this
offering unless you can afford to lose your entire investment.

In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of
the issuer and the terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved. These
securities have not been recommended or approved by any federal or state securities
commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, these authorities have not passed
upon the accuracy or adequacy of this document.

The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission does not pass upon the merits of any
securities offered or the terms of the offering, nor does it pass upon the accuracy or
completeness of any offering document or literature.

These securities are offered under an exemption from registration; however, the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission has not made an independent determination
that these securities are exempt from registration.
THE OFFERING

Maximum 535,000* shares of Common Stock ($107,000)
*“Maximum subject to adjustment for bonus shares. See 10% Bonus below

Minimum 50,000 shares of Common Stock ($10,000)

Company ToGoBOX Inc.

Corporate Address 10 Dorrance St, Suite 700, Providence RI 02903
Description of Business Online Lunch Marketplace for Corporate Employees
Type of Security Offered Common Stock

Purchase Price of Security $0.20
Offered
Minimum Investment $500 Minimum Investment
Amount (per investor)
The 10% Bonus for St ine Shareholde

ToGoBOxX Inc. will offer 10% additional bonus shares for all investments that are
committed by StartEngine Crowdfunding Inc. shareholders (with = $1,000 invested in
the StartEngine Reg A+ campaign) within 24 hours of this offering going live.

StartEngine shareholders who have invested $1,000+ in the StartEngine Reg A+
campaign will receive a 10% bonus on this offering within a 24-hour window of their
campaign launch date. This means you will receive a bonus for any shares you
purchase. For example, if you buy 500 shares of Common Stock at $0.20 / share, you
will receive 50 Common Stock bonus shares, meaning you'll own 550 shares for $100.
Fractional shares will not be distributed and share bonuses will be determined by
rounding down to the nearest whole share.

This 10% Bonus is only valid for one year from the time StartEngine Crowdfunding
Inc. investors receive their countersigned StartEngine Crowdfunding Inc. subscription
agreement.

Multiple Closings
If we reach the target offering amount prior to the offering deadline, we may conduct
the first of multiple closings of the offering early, if we provide notice about the new
offering deadline at least five business days prior (absent a material change that
would require an extension of the offering and reconfirmation of the investment
commitment).

THE COMPANY AND ITS BUSINESS
The company’s business

Description of Business

ToGoBOX Inc. (“ToGoBOX”) is an online lunch marketplace for corporate employees
that offers $1 delivery service born out of Providence, RI in July 2017. Currently
located in Providence, ToGoBOX provides lunch delivery service to corporate
employees in four major businesses/office properties. ToGoBOX specializes in bulk
lunch order delivery service by working mainly with local restaurants and companies
with locational disadvantage and operates through its website at
www.letstogobox.com. ToGoBOX is developing its mobile application through white
label licensing agreement with Crave Food Systems, a software company, and plans to
launch the application in April 2019.

Problem

ToGoBOxX brings lunch from local restaurant to customer’s office for an unrivaled $1
delivery fee, making it the most cost and time effective lunch delivery service provider
for corporate employees. Going out for lunch is a dying tradition in the workplace. In
2016, U.S. restaurants experienced the lowest level of lunch traffic in at least last four
decades: 433 million fewer visits resulting in $3.2 billion in loss compared to the
previous year. The biggest reason why restaurants are failing is the rise of desktop
dining culture in the workplace. Nearly two-thirds of professionals eat lunch at their
desks; taking time off for lunch has become a sign of idleness. Hence, lunch at work
must be fast and close at hand. Most people in the workplace resort to delivery service
for lunch but are suffering from accumulating delivery fees since small orders
generally have a minimum order and a $2-7 delivery fee. Corporate employees need
cheaper and more reliable lunch delivery service; restaurants need more sales. To
satisfy the needs on both ends, ToGoBOX has developed an innovative logistics model
that enables $1 delivery fee- an unmatched advantage over its competitors.

Mission

ToGoBOX’s mission is to cut excessive delivery fees and add convenience, save
consumers the trouble of organizing a spontaneous group to order delivery food and
make delivery time predictable. From corporate employees (from businesses with
agreement), ToGOBOX receives lunch orders until a set cut-off time. Then, by a set
pickup time, ToGoBOX delivers all the food to the designated Pick up Location
assigned to each company, charging each customer a $1 delivery fee without
minimum order constraints.

Sales, Supply Chain & Customer Base

ToGoBOX makes money through delivery. ToGoBOX has two revenue streams: $1
delivery fee and commission fee (no minimum, no markup). For each company/office
property, TOGOBOX makes agreement with 4 to 6 local restaurants. When customers
from the company/office property makes an order, ToGoBOX charges $1 delivery fee
per order from the customers and charges 15-20% commission fee from the
restaurants. ToGoBOX targets corporate employees who work in companies/office
properties between the size of 100 and 500, primarily with locational disadvantage.
ToGoBOX plans to hire a delivery driver for each location. The company plans to
deliver to minimum of 4 companies/office properties per city.

Logistics Model

ToGoBOX presents an milk-run inspired many-to-one logistics model that solves the
current problem of excessive delivery fees corporate employees pay every day.
Conventional one-to-many delivery services cater to individuals, thus requiring a
separate trip for each order and a minimum fee of $3. ToGoBOX aggregates orders
until a set cut-off time, picks up from each restaurant, and then delivers to designated
drop-off locations. This enables dozens of meals to be delivered all in one trip, which
allows $1 delivery fee per order. Since no other service can match our $1 delivery fee,
ToGoBOX holds a distinct competitive advantage in the market. We believe this
provides a unique value proposition to employees faced with excessive delivery fees.

Agreements with Businesses

To execute our many-to-one logistics model, ToGoBOX must acquire drop-off
locations. This requires approval from property owners or the managements of the
businesses. This poses a major impediment to ToGoBOX’s customer acquisition
efforts. However, once ToGOBOX acquires a drop-off location, it becomes the
dominant platform in the area. With this first player advantage, ToGOBOX builds a
loyal customer base, making entry becomes extremely difficult for our competitors.

Market

The online food delivery market size is expected to be over $20 billion by 2025. In
2016, the core addressable restaurant spend in U.S. was $210 billion, of which online
food delivery comprised just under 5% at $10 billion. Considering e-commerce and
online travel penetration rates at 11% and 36%, online food delivery is still in its
nascency. Moreover, two-thirds of online food delivery was attributed to pizza, but
demand for other delivery options has been rapidly increasing. Since 2012, delivery
traffic excluding pizza has increased over 33%. An increase in a single percentage of
penetration rate expands into a $2 billion market opportunity, and demand for
delivery other than pizza has shown 3 year CAGR of 10% -- the online food delivery
market is brimming with untapped potential.

Competition

ToGoBOX’s competitors are other new-delivery platforms that provide delivery to
corporate offices and properties. The primary companies in this space are Foodsby and
Peach. ToGoBOX's competitive advantage over these companies are more affordable
delivery fee ($1) and reliable delivery time (ToGoBOX has a set time it must deliver
until). Peach has the most similar business model with ToGoBOX. However, Peach
communicates with the customers through text messaging. Text messaging limits the
menu and user experience. Unlike Peach, ToGoBOX will have a mobile application
with more extensive menus and a convenient user experience. Foodsby is also a lunch
delivery platform that targets corporate employees. Similar to ToGoBOX, Foodsby
delivers for a maximum delivery fee of $1.99 and no minimum and has a set delivery
time. However, delivery time varies by restaurants instead of the offices, a major
inconvenience for corporate employees with a busy schedule. Additionally, companies
like Fooda, ezCater and LunchOw! provide lunch catering services to corporate offices.
However, the catering companies’ clients are businesses rather than individual
consumers. Therefore, we do not foresee these companies as short-term competition.

Liabilities & Litigation

None.

The team

Officers and directors

President, CEO, & Director
COO & Director

Vice President, CCO, & Director

Tae Lee
A graduate of Rhode Island School of Design (RISD) with a BFA in Architecture (May
2018). Tae is an expert in logistics from his experience as a Supply Sergeant during his
time in the military. As amember of World Federation of Overseas Korean Traders
Associations (OKTA) with 12,000 members, Tae has participated in projects in the
trading industry during summer in 2018 and has a large network with business owners
in trade. During his senior year in college, Tae co-founded ToGoBOX Inc. (Aug 2017).
with his current partner Glenn Jeon.

David Kim

A Johnson and Wales University graduate with a Bachelor’s in Culinary Arts (May
2016). He worked in prominent fine dining restaurants such as Momofuku Ko (2016)
and Jean Georges (2017) as a line cook which are currently two Michelin Star
restaurants in New York. He has a profound understanding of restaurant operation as
well as food quality. He is knowledgable in many cuisines such as Korean, Japanese,
Italian and French. David joined ToGoBOX as a General Manager in August 2017 and
has been working as COO and co-founder since April 2018.

Glenn Jeon

A graduate of Rhode Island School of Design (RISD) with a BFA in Graphic Design
(May 2017). Glenn is an expert in communication design, branding, and advertising
from his Graphic Design background. He completed his creative internships at
Sephora (2015) and Airbnb (2016), where he picked up the process of solving problems
with creative solutions by working closely with directors, designers, engineers, and
curators. His works include poster design, building websites, exhibition design,
editorial design, event curation, merchandise production, and trends research. Glenn
co-founded ToGoBOX Inc. (Aug 2017) with Tae Lee

Number of Employees: 4
Related party transactions

The Company has a loan from shareholders. No payment terms have been set for this
loan. The Company received $20,320 in proceeds, for which $1,600 in repayments
have been made. Taegon Lee, President, CEO, and Director, is a beneficial owner of
the company and has lent the company $18,000. There is no payment terms have been
set for this loan. Ihnwung Jeon, Vice President, CCO, and Director, is a beneficial
owner of the company and has lent the company $2,320, for which $1,600 in
repayments have been made. There is no payment terms have been set for this loan
but paid on demand.

RISK FACTORS
These are the principal risks that related to the company and its business:

e Innovative Product ToGoBOX is an innovative product. Regardless of any
current perceptions of the market, there is no guarantee that ToGoBOX will gain
significant acceptance with companies or properties. There can be long and
unexpected delays in certain companies adopting ToGoBOX's platform, if it is
adopted.
e Investments in small businesses and start-up companies are often risky. The
stock offered hereby is speculative, involves a high degree of risk and is suitable
only for persons who can afford the total loss of their investment. The
Company's management may be inexperienced and investors will not be able to
evaluate the Company's operating history. Small businesses may also depend
heavily upon a single customer, supplier, or employee whose departure would
seriously damage the company’s profitability. The demand for the company's
product may be seasonal or be impacted by the overall economy, or the company
could face other risks that are specific to its industry or type of business. The
Company may also have a hard time competing against larger companies who
can negotiate for better prices from suppliers, produce goods and services on a
large scale more economically, or take advantage of bigger marketing budgets.
Furthermore, a small business could face risks from lawsuits, governmental
regulations, and other potential impediments to growth.

e The Company may need additional capital, which may not be available. The
Company may require funds in excess of its existing cash resources to fund
operating deficits, develop new products or services, establish and expand its
marketing capabilities, and finance general and administrative activities. Due to
market conditions at the time the Company may need additional funding, or due
to its financial condition at that time, it is possible that the Company will be
unable to obtain additional funding as and when it needs it. If the Company is
unable to obtain additional funding, it may not be able to repay debts when they
are due and payable. If the Company is able to obtain capital it may be on
unfavorable terms or terms which excessively dilute then-existing equity
holders. If the Company is unable to obtain additional funding as and when
needed, it could be forced to delay its development, marketing and expansion
efforts and, if it continues to experience losses, potentially cease operations.

e There are several potential competitors who are better positioned than we are to
take the majority of the market. The Company faces competition from other
companies, some of which might have received more funding than the Company
has. One or more of the Company's competitors could offer services similar to
those offered by the Company at significantly lower prices, which would cause
downward pressure on the prices the Company would be able to charge for its
services. If the Company is not able to charge the prices it anticipates charging
for its services, there may be a material adverse effect on the Company's results
of operations and financial condition. In addition, while the Company believes it
is well-positioned to be the market leader in its industry, the emergence of one
of its existing or future competitors as a market leader may limit the Company's
ability to achieve national brand recognition, which could also have a material
adverse effect on the Company's results of operations and financial condition.

e The Company's growth relies on market acceptance. While the Company believes
that there will be significant customer demand for its products/services, there is
no assurance that there will be broad market acceptance of the Company's
offerings. There also may not be broad market acceptance of the Company's
offerings if its competitors offer products/services which are preferred by
prospective customers. In such event, there may be a material adverse effect on
the Company's results of operations and financial condition, and the Company
may not be able to achieve its goals.

e Illiquid Investment in Common Stock As an investor in ToGoBOX's company
stock, your investment could be illiquid for a long period of time. No public
market for the company stock will exist upon consummation of this Offering, nor
is a public market likely to develop. Consequently, the company stock may not
be sold unless, among other things, itis subsequently registered under the
securities act and any applicable state securities laws, or an exemption from
such registration is available. For these reasons, an investor will be required to
bear the economic risk of loss of its entire investment for an indefinite period of
time. This Offering is, therefore, suitable only for persons of adequate means
who have no need for liquidity in their investment.

e Our business projections are only estimates. There can be no assurance that the
company will meet those projections. There can be no assurance that the
company (and you will only make money) if there is sufficient demand for
product, people think its a better option than the competition and the company
has priced the services at a level that allows the company to make a profit and
still attract business.

e Risks of borrowing We may have to seek loans from financial institutions.
Typical loan agreements might contain restrictive covenants which may impair
our operating flexibility. A default under any loan agreement could result ina
charging order that would have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations or financial condition.

e Hiring Delivery Drivers One of the short-term risks is that before the Onfleet
third-party application (custom navigation system) is implemented to our
mobile application, hiring delivery drivers can be very difficult because delivery
drivers need training before working. In most cases, a driver does not require any
training to do delivery. The navigation system gives an address to pick up food
and another to deliver to. However, TOGOBOX’s many-to-one logistics model is
different. Drivers must have an understanding of the logistics system (the
concept of milk-run) first. Then drivers must learn the shortest route to stop by
all the restaurants and deliver the orders to a Pick up Location. Delivery drivers
may choose not to work for ToGoBOX because of these troubles. This could lead
to a situation in which delivery does not happen even after successfully
agreements with both company and local restaurants. This could be the greatest
obstacle to scaling especially before implementing the Onfleet application to our
system.

e Restaurant Communication Another short-term risk is that before ToGoBOX
contracts with a POS company to send the order tickets, its current laborintensive communication process could lower the quality of service and slow
down expansion. Currently, ToGoBOX distributes a device to each restaurant to
send order tickets. However, in the early stage of agreements, restaurants often
do not check the device and need reminders via remote alarm or phone call. If
ToGoBOX has to remind all the restaurants to check whether they received their
order tickets, scaling is impossible. To eliminate this problem, ToGoBOX’s
tickets must be incorporated into the restaurants’ POS system. If mistakes
happen frequently because of the communication issue, ToGoBOX will lose its
identity as a credible delivery service provider.

e The Domino Effect Even after implementing a fully customized Onfleet thirdparty application and contracting with a fully incorporated POS system, there is
an inherent risk to ToGOBOX’s delivery service. To reiterate, TOoGOBOX’s manyto-one logistics model is a delivery method which a driver stops by each
restaurant, picks up the orders and drop them off at one location. The inherent
risk of such logistics model is that small mistakes have huge consequences, like
the Domino Effect. Any smal! mistakes from both the drivers and the restaurants
can delay the delivery. A delay in a single delivery means failing to provide the
promised service to dozens of customers. Drivers and restaurants are key factors
of service that cannot afford to make mistakes. One error, one negative
experience can cost dozens of customers at once. Having a small margin of error
during the service is a inherent risk of the business model ToGoBOX must
consider.

e Minimum of 4 Pick-up Locations per City A critical short-term risk of the
business model is that ToGoBOX must make agreements with at least four pickup locations in order to be sustainable. The monthly cost for the first three
months per city is estimated at $17,500. With the same assumption as the
revenue model, delivering to four Pick up Locations will generate $17,160 per
month. Until ToGoBOX makes agreements with four Pick up Locations, it loses
money. Furthermore, from past experience, it takes about three months to reach
8% daily conversion rate. Though we are confident that ToGoBOX will achieve
four Pick up Locations per city, especially as ToGoBOX expands and become a
key player in the market, the fact that ToGoBOX has a flat profit curve in the
early stage of operation per city is an inherent limitation.

e Heavy Reliance on Key Personnel One of the strategies to acquire a Pick up
Location is to target the building/office coordinators. Having their support have
led to successful sales and traction. This is the primary strategy ToGoBOX plans
to operate on in the future. However, heavy reliance on key personne! could act
as a double-edged-sword. It is difficult to get the contact information of the key
personnel of the company as well as the operation managers. Despite the
majority of the employees’ demand, failure to reach the managements will lead
to failure to make agreement. Once we got in touch with the decision makers of
the company, none have been difficult to work with since ToGoBOX improves
the lunch experience for their employees with no cost on the company’s end.
However, TOGoBOX is struggling to gain traction in companies where it could
not reach the key management personnels.

e This offering involves “rolling closings,” which may mean that earlier investors
may not have the benefit of information that later investors have. Once we meet
our target amount for this offering, we may request that StartEngine instruct the
escrow agent to disburse offering funds to us. At that point, investors whose
subscription agreements have been accepted will become our [shareholders]. All
early-stage companies are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and it
is not uncommon for material changes to be made to the offering terms, or to
companies’ businesses, plans or prospects, sometimes on short notice. When
such changes happen during the course of an offering, we must file an amended
to our Form C with the SEC, and investors whose subscriptions have not yet been
accepted will have the right to withdraw their subscriptions and get their money
back. Investors whose subscriptions have already been accepted, however, will
already be our [shareholders] and will have no such right.

e E-2 Investor Visa Taegon Lee, CEO, is from South Korea and holds the E-2
Treaty Investors visa which needs to be renewed every two years. The E-2
nonimmigrant classification allows a national of a treaty country (a country with
which the United States maintains a treaty of commerce and navigation) to be
admitted to the United States when investing a substantial amount of capital in a
U.S. business. Please see the link below for detailed information.
https://www.uscis.gov/working-united-states/temporary-workers/e-2-treatyinvestors

OWNERSHIP AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE; RIGHTS OF THE SECURITIES
Ownership

e Taegon Lee, 69.11% ownership, Common Stock
e Ihnwung Jeon, 23.04% ownership, Common Stock

Classes of securities

e Common Stock: 13,022,260

The Company is authorized to issue up to 15,000,000 shares of common stock.
There are a total of 13,022,260 shares currently outstanding.

Voting Rights

The holders of shares of the Company's common stock, $0.0001 par value per
share( the "Common Stock"), are entitled to one vote for each share held of
record on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders.

Dividend Rights

Subject to preferences that may be granted to any then outstanding preferred
stock, holders of shares of Common Stock are entitled to receive ratably such
dividends as may be declared by the Board out of funds legally available
therefore as well as any distribution to the shareholders. The payment of
dividends on the Common Stock will be a business decision to be made by the
Board from time based upon the results of our operations and our financial
condition and any other factors that our board of directors considers relevant.
Payment of dividends on the Common Stock may be restricted by law and by
loan agreements, indentures and other transactions entered into by us from time
to time. The Company has never paid a dividend and does not intend to pay
dividends in the foreseeable future, which means that shareholders may not
receive any return on their investment from dividends.

Rights to Receive Liquidation Distributions

Liquidation Rights. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution, or winding up,
holders of Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in all of our assets
remaining after payment of liabilities and the liquidation preference of any then
outstanding preferred stock.

Rights and Preferences

The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of the company’s Common
Shares are subject to and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders
of shares of any additional classes of stock that we may designate in the future.

What it means to be a Minority Holder

Asa minority holder of Common stock, you will have limited ability, if all, to
influence our policies or any other corporate matter, including the election of
directors, changes to the Company's governance documents, additional issuances of
securities, company repurchases of securities, a sale of the Company or of assets of
the Company, or transactions with related parties.

Dilution

Investors should understand the potential for dilution. Each Investor's stake in the
Company, could be diluted due to the Company issuing additional shares. In other
words, when the Company issues more shares, the percentage of the Company that
you own will decrease, even though the value of the Company may increase. You will
own a smaller piece of a larger company. This increases in number of shares
outstanding could result froma stock offering (such as an initial public offering,
another crowdfunding round, a venture capital round or angel investment), employees
exercising stock options, or by conversion of certain instruments (e.g., convertible
notes, preferred shares or warrants) into stock.

If we decide to issue more shares, an Investor could experience value dilution, with
each share being worth less than before, and control dilution, with the total
percentage an investor owns being less than before. There may also be earnings
dilution, with a reduction in the amount earned per share (although this typically
occurs only if we offer dividends, and most early stage companies are unlikely to offer
dividends, referring to invest any earnings into the Company).
The type of dilution that hurts early-stage investors mostly occurs when the company
sells more shares in a "down round," meaning at a lower valuation than in earlier
offerings.

If you are making an investment expecting to own a certain percentage of the
Company or expecting each share to hold a certain amount of value, it is important to
realize how the value of those shares can decrease by actions taken by the Company.
Dilution can make drastic changes to the value of each share, ownership percentage,
voting control, and earnings per share.

Transferability of securities
For a year, the securities can only be resold:

In an IPO;

To the company;

To an accredited investor; and

To a member of the family of the purchaser or the equivalent, to a trust
controlled by the purchaser, to a trust created for the benefit of a member of the
family of the purchaser or the equivalent, or in connection with the death or
divorce of the purchaser or other similar circumstance.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION; MATERIAL
INDEBTEDNESS

Financial Statements

Our financial statements can be found attached to this document. The financial
review covers the period ending in 2017-12-31.

Financial Condition
Results of Operation

Year ended December 31, 2017

Revenue

Revenue for fiscal year 2017 was $1,579.33, since incorporation in July 2017. ToGoBOX
primarily focused on building a platform and acquiring agreements with businesses
and restaurants. However, ToGoBOX generated early revenue from customers who
registered during our beta service period.

Cost of sales
Cost of sales in 2017 was $5,700 as ToGoBOX was testing the market by offering
promotions to potential customers. This investment allowed ToGoBOX to expose its
presence in Providence, RI.

Gross Margins

Because TOGOBOX heavily invested in acquiring customers by offering promotions, it
had negative gross profit. Based on ToGoBOX's financial model, ToGoBOX generates
gross margin of 23.5% on each order when each meal costs $9 with $1 delivery fee
charged from ToGoBOX.

Expenses

The Company’s expenses consist of, among other things including start-up cost,
advertising and marketing and sales expenses, fees for professional services, research
and development expenses, food purchases and insurances.

We have not yet generated significant revenues. Since ToGoBOX's launching of its
service, TOGoBOX generates roughly around $3,000 in total sales with 23.5% gross
margin before any expenses with 200 monthly active users. We do not anticipate to
expand our service and generate significant revenue until we have completed the
development of our iOS and Android mobile application, which we do not anticipate
until January 2019. The business can operate without generating significant revenue
up to 12 months. However, if we raise the full amount, we anticipate that we will use
this maximum amount within the first 12 months. Financially backed by the majority
shareholder/CEO, ToGoBOX has successfully navigated to full App/Web development
and user onboarding sustainable cash burn for levels. We foresee that major expenses
will involve hiring and development efforts that focus on maximizing on/offline
customer experience. However, we do not foresee they are significant enough to put
ToGoBOxX in financial jeopardy for the next 12 months.

Based on our forecasts, when fully raised, we project that we deliver to more than
4,000 monthly active users in the next 6 months. If we meet this goal, after 6 months,
we project total sales of $60,000 per month. The user count will also allow us to secure
institutional financing and continue to scale ToGoBOX.

Financial Milestones

The company has built a website platform that is live and fully available to users. Our
present operational challenges include a lack of available cash to properly reach our
target market areas and to develop a technology to automate the middleware system
between users, restaurants, and drivers. The funding being sought in this campaign
will ensure that we have adequate liquidity to make agreements with tow businesses
or properties each month at an average Cost Per User of <$5 in a 12 months period.
The challenge is to find the “sweet spot” of CPU and qualified traffic. We will address
this challenge by strategically partnering with chamber of commerce to enable us to
narrow our focus. As agreements are acquired, ToGoBOX’s marketing plan will be
further refined. The company presently has no salary requirements, however, this is
expected to change within a 3 - 5 months time frame. As the company attains more
traction, salary requirement will grow to include C-Level, technical level and
associated staff.

The company is investing for continued growth of the brand and, as a result, is
generating sizeable net income losses. Management currently forecasts 2018, 2019,
2020 and 2021 revenues of $35,000, $670,000, $2.7 million, and $5.6 million,
respectively, and believes the company will generate positive net income by the
beginning of summer 2020. In our initial two years, because we’re still expanding, we
project our daily conversion rate among registered users to be less than 6%. As we
gain more traction, we expect this number to increase to 8%, bringing our revenues to
$2.7 million by 2020 and $5.6 million by 2021. Profitability and revenues per customer
will increase as we mature while our cost per customer generated will drop.

Operational and liquidity challenges includes various cost of the sales forces such as
their salary, travel expenses and cost of training, which are expected to exceed
projected gross margin for at least 12-18 months. With continuing expansion and
additional 24 agreements with new businesses and properties, we anticipate spending
at least $264,000 in operating cost and $515,000 in Cost of Goods (sales) in the first
year, $580,000 in operating cost and $2.2 million in Cost of Goods in 2020, and
$920,000 in operating cost and $4.7 million in Cost of Goods in 2021 The sales
revenues should begin to outperform the costs of operations when 24 agreements are
fully operational. We used data from census.gov in order to predict the forecast.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

The company is currently generating operating losses and requires the continued
infusion of new capital to continue business operations and advancement of the
technology. If the company is successful in this offering, we will likely seek to
continue to raise capital under equity offerings, debt issuances, or other methods.This
offering maximum will extend the company’s runway to February 2020 at which point
the company will need an additional cash infusion. Reaching the minimum of this
offering will not extend the company's runway and will cause the company to seek
other investment either from institutional venture capital firms or using other
methods. If institutional venture capital or other capital method is pursued
successfully, it is likely that incoming investors will receive preferred equity and
voting rights.

Indebtedness
Taegon Lee, President, CEO, and Director, is a beneficial owner of the company and
has lent the company $18,000. There is no payment terms have been set for this loan.
Ihnwung Jeon, Vice President, CCO, and Director, is a beneficial owner of the
company and has lent the company $2,320, for which $1,600 in repayments have been
made. There is no payment terms have been set for this loan but paid on demand.

Recent offerings of securities

e 2017-08-04, Rule 4(a)(2), 12000000 Common Stock. Use of proceeds: Cofounders’ work Involvement. Taegon Lee and Glenn invested into TOoGoBOX
total of $60,040 to cover start-up cost. - 20%: Cover corporate vehicle financing.
- 15%: Salaries and Wages - 10%: Cover Legal & Accounting Fees. - 10%: Office
Supplies, Softwares, & Rent - 5%: Insurance - Others such as Advertising,
Marketing, Packaging Development, Website Development, Traveling Cost and
other Operational Cost.

e 2018-04-18, Rule 4(a)(2), 631580 Common Stock. Use of proceeds: Co-founder's
work Involvement.

e 2018-08-18, Rule 701, 390680 Common Stock. Use of proceeds: White Label
Licensing Agreement to develop ToGoBOX's IOS and Android mobile
Application.

Valuation

$2,604,452.00

ToGoBOX has estimated a $2,604,452.00 pre-money valuation based on assets
including fully functional operating website, ongoing development of iOS and Android
mobile application and successful operation at current businesses and properties with
agreements. TOGOBOX’s current valuation is also backed by Gust, a unique global SaaS
platform. Gust powers over 2,000 investment organizations in 157 countries, and more
than 500,000 early stage ventures in 191 countries have already used the platform to
connect and collaborate with over 75,000 accredited investors. Also, Gust SaaS
platform is highly sought and used by Harvard Business School Angels. Furthermore,
ToGoBOxX sees an inflection point in common stock valuation that reflects current
user base with the potential to increase quickly. ToGoBOX team is confident to have a
usable platform with significant growth projections. ToGoBOX common stock and
current valuation represent a finished product primed for growth.

USE OF PROCEEDS

Offering Amount; Offering Amount
Sold Sold

Total Proceeds: $10,000 $107,000

Less: Offering Expenses i

— Fees (6% total $6,420

Use of Net Proceeds: ee

Software Development
$2,820 $30,174
Working Capital $2,350 $25,145

Pick i
ick up Location & $1,880 $20,116
Restaurant Management
Legal & Accounting $10,058
Total Use of Net Proceeds $9,400 $100,580

We are seeking to raise a minimum of $10,000 (target amount) and up to $107,000
(over-allotment amount) in this offering through Regulation Crowdfunding. If we
manage to raise our over-allotment amount of $107,000, we believe the amount will
last us 6 months and plan to use the net proceeds of approximately $100,580 over the
course of that time as follows:

e As ToGoBOX projects to launch its mobile application in January, we will
anticipate spending approximately 30% of the proceeds for this purpose.

e Restaurant and Pick up Location Management 20% of the net proceeds will be
used to invest in equipment such as tablets and other supplies for restaurants
and Pick up Locations.

e 20% of the net proceeds will be used to cover legal and accounting services.

e Operational cost and working capital will make up the remaining 40%

Irregular Use of Proceeds

The Company might incur Irregular Use of Proceeds that may include but are not
limited to the following over $10,000: Vendor payments and salary made to one's self,
a friend or relative; Any expense labeled "Administration Expenses" that is not strictly
for administrative purposes; Any expense labeled "Travel and Entertainment"; Any
expense that is for the purposes of inter-company debt or back payments.
REGULATORY INFORMATION
Disqualification

No disqualifying event has been recorded with respect to the company or its officers
or directors.

Compliance failure
The company has not previously failed to comply with Regulation CF.
Annual Report

The company will make annual reports available on its website

https ://www.letstogobox.com/annualreport/ in the Blog section labeled "Annual
Report". The annual reports will be available within 120 days of the end of the issuer's
most recent fiscal year
EXHIBIT B TO FORM C

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANT'S REVIEW FOR
ToGoBOxX Inc.

[See attached]
, laeg of Lee , the President of ToGoBOX Inc., hereby certify that the
financial statements of ToGoBOX Inc. and notes thereto for the periods ending January 01,
2017 and December 31, 2017 included in this Form C offering statement are true and complete
in all material respects and that the information below reflects accurately the information
reported on our federal income tax returns.

For the year 2017 the amounts reported on our tax returns were total income of $1,579; taxable
income of -$73,752 and total tax of $0.

IN WITNESS THEREOF, this Principal Executive Officer's Financial Statement Certification has
been executed as of the October 28th 2018.

——v4#"—

(Signature)
Pres ideat (Title)
OO réoke~ Ze, A-/€ ate)

TOGOBOX INC.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(UNAUDITED)

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED
December 31, 2017
ToGoBOX Inc.
Index to Financial Statements
(unaudited)

Balance Sheets

Statements of Operations
Statements of Stockholders’ Equity
Statements of Cash Flows

Notes to the Financial Statements

Pages
ToGoBOxX Inc.

Balance Sheet
As of December 31, 2017

ASSETS
Current Assets
Bank Accounts
Small business checking (ing )
Total Bank Accounts
Tota! Current Assets
Fixed Assets
Accumulated Depreciation
Automobile-2017 Ford
Total Fixed Assets
Other Assets
Security Deposits
Total Other Assets
TOTAL ASSETS
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
Liabilities
Long-Term Liabilities
Auto Loan
Total Long-Term Liabilities
Tota! Liabilities
Equity
Common Stock
Retained Earnings
Net Income
Total Equity
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY

Total

11,634.72

$ 11,634.72

$ 11,634.72

-1,417.74

44,532.60

$ 43,114.86

655.00
$ 655.00

$ 55,404.58

31,448.18

$ 31,448.18

$ 31,448.18

60,040.00
0.00
-36,083.60

$ 23,956.40

$ 55,404.58
ToGoBOxX Inc.

Profit and Loss
January - December 2017

Income
Sales
Sales of Product Income
Total Income
Gross Profit
Expenses
Advertising & Marketing
Bank Charges & Fees
Depreciation Expense
Food Purchases from Restaurants
Food Research
Insurance
Internet Expense
Legal & Professional Services
Meals & Entertainment
Office Supplies & Software
Other Business Expenses
Parking
Rent & Lease
Salaries and Wages
Taxes & Licenses
Travel
Utilities
Website
Total Expenses
Net Operating Income

Net Income

Total

1,179.33
400.00

$ 1,579.33
$ 1,579.33

1,367.68
100.00
1,417.74
5,700.00
1,908.86
5,570.00
572.71
4,183.02
388.39
6,467.39
330.10
17.50
1,615.55
7,688.35
10.00
194.51
121.53
9.60

$ 37,662.93

-$ 36,083.60

-$ 36,083.60
Inception

Issuance of founders
stock

Shares issued for
services

Contributed capital
Net income (loss)

December 31, 2017

ToGoBOxX Inc.

Balance Sheet
As of December 31, 2017

Common stock Additional
Paid-in Accumulated
Shares Amount Capital Deficit Total
- $ - $ - $ - $ 12,000,000 - 60,040 . $ 60,040.00
- - - - ¢
- - - - ¢ .
- . - (36,084)  $ (36,083.60)
12,000,000 $ - $ 60,040 $ (36,084) $ 23,956

ToGoBOxX Inc.

Statement of Cash Flows
January - December 2017

OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net Income
Adjustments to reconcile Net Income to Net Cash provided by operations:
Accumulated Depreciation
Total Adjustments to reconcile Net Income to Net Cash provided by operations:
Net cash provided by operating activities
INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Automobile-2017 Ford
Security Deposits
Net cash provided by investing activities
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Auto Loan
Common Stock
Net cash provided by financing activities
Net cash increase for period

Cash at end of period

Total

-36,083.60
0.00
1,417.74

$ 1,417.74
-$ 34,665.86

44,532.60
-655 .00
-$ 45,187.60

31,448.18
60,040.00
$ 91,488.18
$ 11,634.72
$ 11,634.72
NOTE 1 — NATURE OF OPERATIONS

ToGoBOX Inc. was formed on July 31. 2017 (“Inception”) in the State of Rhode Island. The financial
statements of ToGoBOX Inc. (which may be referred to as the "Company", "we," "us," or "our") are
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(“U.S. GAAP”). The Company’s headquarters are located in Providence, Rhode Island.

ToGoBOX Inc. (*ToGoBOX”’) is an online lunch marketplace for corporate employees that offers $1 delivery
service born out of Providence, RI in July 2017. Currently located in Providence, ToGoBOX provides lunch
delivery service to corporate employees in three major businesses/office properties. ToGoBOX specializes in
bulk lunch order delivery service by partnering mainly with local restaurants and companies with locational
disadvantage and operates through its website at www.letstogobox.com.

NOTE 2 —-SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make
certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and the
reported amount of expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could materially differ from
these estimates. It is reasonably possible that changes in estimates will occur in the near term.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a
liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants as of the measurement date. Applicable accounting guidance
provides an established hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of
observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable
inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in valuing
the asset or liability and are developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the
Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the Company’s assumptions about the factors that
market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability. There are three levels of inputs that may be
used to measure fair value:

Level | - Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities
in active markets.

Level 2 - Include other inputs that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace.

Level 3 - Unobservable inputs which are supported by little or no market activity.
The fair value hierarchy also requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the
use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value.
Fair-value estimates discussed herein are based upon certain market assumptions and pertinent

information available to management as of December 31, 2017. The respective carrying value of certain
on-balance-sheet financial instruments approximated their fair values.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
For purpose of the statement of cash flows, the Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments
purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.

Revenue Recognition

The Company will recognize revenues from sales of meals when (a) persuasive evidence that an
agreement exists; (b) the service has been performed; (c) the prices are fixed and determinable and not
subject to refund or adjustment; and (d) collection of the amounts due is reasonably assured.

Stock Based Compensation

The Company accounts for stock options issued to employees under ASC 718 Share-Based Payment.
Under ASC 718, share-based compensation cost to employees is measured at the grant date, based on the
estimated fair value of the award, and is recognized as expense over the employee’s requisite vesting
period. The fair value of each stock option or warrant award is estimated on the date of grant using the
Black-Scholes option valuation model.

The Company measures compensation expense for its non-employee stock-based compensation under
ASC 505 Equity. The fair value of the option issued or committed to be issued is used to measure the
transaction, as this is more reliable than the fair value of the services received. The fair value is measured
at the value of the Company’s common stock on the date that the commitment for performance by the
counterparty has been reached or the counterparty’s performance is complete. The fair value of the equity
instrument is charged directly to stock-based compensation expense and credited to additional paid-in
capital.

Income Taxes

The Company applies ASC 740 Income Taxes (“ASC 740”). Deferred income taxes are recognized for
the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their
financial statement reported amounts at each period end, based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates
applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation
allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be
realized. The provision for income taxes represents the tax expense for the period, if any and the change
during the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities.

ASC 740 also provides criteria for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of uncertain
tax positions. A tax benefit from an uncertain position is recognized only if it is “more likely than not”
that the position is sustainable upon examination by the relevant taxing authority based on its technical
merit.

The Company is subject to tax in the United States (“U.S.”) and files tax returns in the U.S. Federal
jurisdiction and RI state jurisdiction. The Company is subject to U.S. Federal, state and local income tax
examinations by tax authorities for all periods since Inception. The Company currently is not under
examination by any tax authority.

Concentration of Credit Risk

The Company maintains its cash with a major financial institution located in the United States of America
which it believes to be creditworthy. Balances are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
up to $250,000. At times, the Company may maintain balances in excess of the federally insured limits.
NOTE 3 —- INDEBTEDNESS
Taegon Lee, President, CEO, and Director, is a beneficial owner of the company and has lent the
company $18,000. There is no payment terms have been set for this loan.

Ihnwung Jeon, Vice President, CCO, and Director, is a beneficial owner of the company and has lent the
company $2,320, for which $1,600 in repayments have been made. There is no payment terms have been
set for this loan but paid on demand.

NOTE 4 —-COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

We are currently not involved with or know of any pending or threatening litigation against the Company
or any of its officers.

NOTE 5 —-STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY

Common Stock
We have authorized the issuance of 15,000,000 shares of our common stock with par value of $0.0001.
As of October 28, 2018 the company has currently issued 13,022,260 shares of our common stock.

NOTE 6 —- RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

The Company has a loan from shareholders. No payment terms have been set for this loan. The Company
received $20,320 in proceeds, for which $1,600 in repayments have been made.

NOTE 7 —-SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

The Company has evaluated subsequent events that occurred after December 31, 2017 through October
27, 2018, the issuance date of these financial statements. The company has issued Bo Hyun Kim 631,580
shares, co-founder and COO of the company on April 19, 2018 resulting in Bo Hyun Kim owning 5% of
the outstanding shares of the company. The company has issued Crave Food Systems 390,680 on October
12, 2018 resulting in Crave Food Systems owning 3% of the outstanding shares of the company when
landed a deal with Crave Food Systems to build the company’s mobile application.

There have been no other events or transactions during this time which would have a material effect on
these financial statements.
EXHIBIT C TO FORM C
PROFILE SCREENSHOTS

[See attached]
oid QO What's New « Otacover Investments Edit My Campaign Launch an ICO Duke A =

StartEngine Approval

> PLAY VIDEO

TOGOBOX
ToGoBOX Ontine Lunch Marketplace. Gurated Vaal:
Saar © a’ nce.F © Cordier?

J lu we

Overview Team Terms Updates Comments share |

If you are the type of person who likes to have total contro! over every
minute of your TIME, We have a product for you.

:

ToGoBOxX Is the TIME for
Busy Individuals

nm ToGoBOX

in 2016, U.S. restaurants experienced the lowest level of lunch traffic
in the last four decades: 433 million fewer visits resulting in $3.2 billion

in lost businesses compared to the previous year

By the end of 2021, the projected gross food soles through online delivery
plotforms is $21.6 billion

The biggest reason why restaurants are losing customers during
lunchtime is the rise of desktop dining culture in the workplace: nearly
two-thirds of business professionals eat lunch at their desks. Most
people in the workplace resort to delivery service for lunch but are
suffering from accumulating delivery fees and unreliable delivery
time.

ek

ToGoBOX presents a m//k-run inspered mary-to-one logistks model that
solves the current problem of excessive delivery fees. Customers place
orders fram ToGoBOX onkne until a set cut-off time. Then ToGoBOX picks
up food from each restaurant and delivers to the customers’ offices. This
enables dozens of meals to be delivered all in one trip, which allows $1
delivery fee per order.

ToGoBOX delivers all the food to the designated Pick wp Locations

assigned to each company/property, charging each customer $1 delivery
fee without minimum order constraints, ToGoBOX's target customers are
employees of company between the size of 100 and 500 in the ULS.,

primarily with locational disadvamtage

— Now same 62 percent of professionals soy
they typically eat lunch at their desks,
0 phenamenan that socio! scientists
have begun calling
“desktop dining.”

— The New York Times

Together, Let's Make a Change For Good

wR, .
‘

Delivery for Busy Employees

ToGoBOx

The Offering

Investment

$0.20/share of Common Stock

When you invest you are betting the company’s future equity value will exceed $2.7!
Proceeds from this fundraise go directly to the expansion and the platform development of ToGoBOX.
ToGoBOX will expand to other cities in Rhode Island and Massachusetts using these funds

TOGOBOX Is Geveloping and will launch its mobile application in the next 6 months using this fund

ToGoBOX wil create a driver network using these funds

| his bd

Offering is eligible for the
StartEngine Owners’ 10% Bonus

For deta's on the bonus, please see the Offering Summary below
TOGOBOX is Lunchtime Culture

ToGoBOxX is Unparalleled

Cost + Time Efficient

ToGoBOxX is validated and relied on daily by doctors, nurses, engineers, technicians, and other

employees from more than a dozen businesses

We curate daily menu from multicultural
restaurants and customers may PICK thew
favorite tastes of lunch.

One to Many Model (Traditional Delivery
Logistics)

High Delivery Fee
inefficient Cost & Time

Many to One Model (1 0Go80xX Delivery
Logistics)

~~ - Pa
= Pal
- a a=
Delivered to Office Milk Run on Restaurant
Carmpooting of Detvery Bue Orders
$1 Delivery Fee / Order One Route & One Driver

We offer “gathering” not “catering” option to
provide diversity if they may want to have
lunch with colleagues with different tastes.

ToGoBOX is different: with agreements with
businesses/properties, ToGoBOX is granted a
space at 4 table or island to drop off the meals
where employees/tenants can freely Pick Up
their orders

ToGoBOX has set arrival times (Pick up tienes)
which may vary by the businesses/properties’
lunchtime,

We deliver our Customers
Multicultural Meals All at
Once

The traditional delivery services cater to individuals, thus requiring a
separate trip for each order, ToGoBOX calls such model the one-tomany model. Because each customer is responsible a trip, the delivery
fee is relatively high. UberEats charges a $4.99 flat fee for delivery,
although it recently decided to vary the fee based on distance. DoorDash
delivery fee range from $0.99 to $7.99 on top of a 7% to 15% service fee,
Grublu® for Work charges a standard $9.99 delivery fee and requires a
$50 minimum.

ToGoBOX brings down the cost of delivery to $1 by implementing the
many-to-one logistics model. The many-to-one logistics model is
inspered by m//k-rus, traveling minimum distance and carry the
maximum load to ensure the most effective transportation with the
least cost, Milk-run is mostly applied in situations where the load Is
scattered in many different places and in smaller units, where carrying
from each center individually would be very expensive. Hence, the manyto-ane logtstics model does not sult individual delivery. However, for
corporate offices where bulk orders are made daily, it works

perfectly.

ToGoBOX is Developing a Lunch Marketplace

We build sublime User Interface for our Lunch Marketplace

%

Sey =
6 _ 9

vy @ &

Mutticultural Agreement with Mak Run Low Service Fee individually Packed Order Process
Daily Menu Major Properties Lunch with Just 3 clicks
and Businesses

* $1 Delivery Fee * No Minimum and Markup

¢ Delivered right to your office * Average Meal Price of $8 - $12

© Delvered by a designated Pick up time * Food s delivered within 30 minutes of cooking.

Development Stage
ae | _— ;
ToGoBOX operates through www.letstogobox.com and provides —EE - oe _ ==

en eee ee
SETVILES FU PU NOL LOUIES MEPLIUEN VEE Lcurl arms Wit pete eae ih) 
Providence, RI, ToGOBOX ‘s website is fully functioning, and, currently, all er _
orders are processed through our website. ToGOBOX ts developing its ‘ “*

mobile application. The mobile application will be developed by Crave an

Food Systerns (developed in a licensing agreement with CFS), a software ~~ .

company, and is expected to be compieted by January 2019, On our _ ; —— : om
website and motile application, customers can set their location, pick —

their own taste from multiple different restaurants, and pay online (all in 3 a

clicks). in the last 6 months, ToGoBOX made over 2500 deliveries to —-== —" ; =

over 300 active customers in Providence, Ri!

Key Customers

Used by Fabulous Companies/Property in the City

Ube 100 verizon’

Corporates that care about the working environment for employees have joined with ToGoBOX to build our lunchtime culture together,
Curated daily meats allow employees to enjoy their own tastes whether they eat alone or with their colleagues

Virgin Pulse 100 Westminster

Holly Regoli

Rajiv Kurnar
Property Manager, Paolino Properties

President and CMO, Virgin Pulse

‘As @ compony in hyper-growth mode, our employees are working hard "With thus fast and canverent service, / would definitely recommend to

throughout the day. With meetings and deadlines abound, often we cant praperty monagers who especially might not hove o restaurant the buvlaing

afford to venture out of the office in search of lunch. ToGoBOX salves this oy a fot of food chaices for their tenants."
problern in an alnest magical woy. Every morning, dozens of our ernployees

pick o@ meal from o delicious menu and o few hours loter it appears, at the

same time in the same place every day, just steps owoy from our desks We

save time ond eat great food!

Local Restaurants, Local Family

CRAVE
FOOD
SYSTEMS”

Mobile Application Deal
with Crave Food Systems
One of the best accomplishments of ToGeBOx

ts landeng a deal with Crave Food Systems to

build its mobile application. intially, ToGoBOX

planned to build its mobile application im 2021,

with an estimated cost of over $150,000.

However, ToGoB8OX expects to have its mobile
application up and running by early 2019. This
will allow ToGoBOX to save tremendous costs
and expedite expansion to other cities 2 years

earber than planned

Partnership - Quality and Trust

Accomplishments

ToGoBOX is Growing

80%

uw y

Pyeakne
O

Nearly 80% Recurring Rate

ToGOBOX currently delivers to twee Pkk up
Locations: a tech company, 4 hospital and an
office property. With over 300 active users,
ToGoBOX has an 80% recurring customer rate
According to Alex Schuitz, VP of Growth at
Facebook, customer retention is the single most
important metric to assess product/market fit,
and a 20-30% repurchase rate is a good number
for eCommerce, Though online food delivery is
a different industry, we believe an 80%
repurchase rate is 4 sign that ToGoBOX's service

5 a great market fit,

ee
+4
+
>
‘
>
.
.
+

30% Monthly Increase in
Registered Users & 16%
Monthly Increase in Total
Orders

ToGoBOX started to acquire customers in April
2018, Disregarding the first month of operation,
from May through September, ToGoBOX has
achieved 30% momhly growth im regntered
users from 130 to 330 and a 16% monthly

growth in total orders from 200 to 320
Online Food Delivery Market is Growing by $Billions
Food Delivery Sales will More than Double in THREE years.

"Delivery traffic outside of "Online Food Delivery Revenue 62% of professionals say
pizza is growing strongly, up is expected to show an they typically eat lunch at
by 33 percent since 2012" annual growth rate of 7.5%, their desks"

resulting in a market volume
mmo crow of $24B by 2023." en
Stotista

Market and Industry

Online Food Delivery Market is still in its Nascency

The Online food delivery platform is projected to grow to be a $21.6
billion industry by the end of 2021. There are two Ciers of online food
delivery platforms, aggregators and new-delivery. New-delivery is the
emerging disruptor in the market, with its addressable market expected to
reach $23 billion by 2025. As online food delivery becomes more
universal, demand for diverse and healthy menu is increasing. On the
other hand, the restaurant industry is losing customers especially during
lunchtime recording the lowest level of lunch traffic in over 40 years.
Such slowing down of lunch traffic seers to be due to demand for a more
affordable and convenient lunch, supported by the rising lunch traffic im
convenience stores, and ricing desktop dining culture in the workplace.

*Morgan Stanley

27 million Full-Time Employees in U.S.A.

ToGoBOX's primary target customers are employees of companies
between the size of 100 and 500, primarily with locational disadvantage. Total Addressable Market
Companies with fewer than 100 ernployees are not fit for ToGoBOX's $74B / yr
logistics system that assumes bullk-order: companies with more than 500 ene —— SAM
employees generally have cafeterias of their own. In U.S.A. There are $ 5.2B/ yr
4pproximately 78,000 businesses in the metro area and 19,000

businesses in non-metro area between the size of 100 and 500

employees.

ToGoBOX plans to operate in metro area only; we estimate that the
serviceable available market is $5.2 billion. Companies located in
suburban areas and industrial parks are ToGoB8OX's primary target. _—

Any local companies, properties, warehouses, hospitals, unéversities (labs, $258M / yr
Studios, €tc) with poor access to restaurams or cafeterias are TOGOBOX's
target market. We plan to capture 5% of the market; we estimnate the
serviceable obtainable market is $258 million, Within five years of
operation, ToOGOBOX looks to work wath 293 companies in more than 60
cities in the U.S.. The target market size ToGoBOX plans to capture in the
next five years is $13.5 million.

ToGoBOX Milestone
Join the Movement for Building Ecosystem
Anticipated Projection
(Sm) # of companies

—@- Projected Revenue
15 ~®> Operation Cost 300
© Pickup Location
12.5 250
10 200
75 150
5 100
25 50

Rhode Island Rhode Island Masachusetts New York Virginia East Coast
Providence Warwick Conneticut New Jersey Alabama
East Providence Massachusetts Delaware Georgia

Franklin Minnesota North/South

Taunton Carolina

Framingham

*® ToGoBROX plons to hove $673,920 revenve in 2019 with operating costs of $264,807

® ToGoBOX pions to have $2,730,077 revenue in 2020 with operating costs of $626,485.

¢ ToGoBOX plans to hove $5,652,319 revenue in 2027 with operating costs of $1,012,547.
*® ToGoBOX plans to have $10,283,569 revenue in 2022 with operating costs of $1,648 086.
® ToGoBOX plons to hove $17,341,289 revenue in 2022 with operating costs of $2,253,149

Competitive Advantage

ToGoBOX's competitors are other new-delivery platforms that provide delivery to corporate offices and properties. The primary companies in
this space are Foodsby and Peach.

Peach

Peach has the most similar business model with ToGoBOX. Peach targets corporate employees and delivers bulk lunch to the office by a promised time
However, there are sore differences. First, Peach communicates with the customers through text messaging. Text messaging limits the menu and user
experience. Unlike Peach, ToGoBOX will have a mobele application with more extensive menus and a convenient user experience, Second, Peach reports
that the average delivery time to complete a route is 60 minutes on average. For each Pick up Location, ToGoBOX selects restaurants such that the
average delivery time to complete a route is 30 minutes. The shorter delivery time ToGoBOX offers through careful planning allows food to be delivered

fresher and hotter

Foodsby
Foodsby is also a lunch delivery platform that targets corporate employees. Sirnilar to TOGOBOX, Foodsby delivers for a maxirnurn delivery fee of $1.99
4nd no minimum and has a set delivery tirne. However, delivery time varies by restaurants instead of the offices, a major monveniernce for corporate

employees with a busy schedule
Lunch Catering Platforms

Additionally, companies like Fooda, exCater and LunchOw! provide lunch catering services to corporate offices. However, the catering cornpanies’ cents

are businesses rather than individual consumers, Therefore, we do not foresee these companies as short-term competition

Invest in Our Company Today!

Local farm, local restaurants, LOCAL is the new trend.

ToGoBOX

ToGoBOX delivers from scalable local restaurant ecosystem for
corporates in the U.S.. ToGoBOX strives to lead in lunchtime culture
for individuals, contribute to meet individual's tastes, and curate
proper meals with fresh ingredients.

Our Mission

1. ANow local restaurants fo strive in the ecosystem with businesses,

2. Be communily driven by establishing @ network through food fo keep
resources focal and enhance its economy

3. Assist corporate employees with benefits and convemence to sove dowWy

expenses ond stay productive

We want our investors to be our customers and partners. Our ultimate
goal is to provide our service to your workploce in the neor future. join
us in our efforts to pove the woy to our new lunchtime culture,

- Team ToGoBOX
Bical
ToGoBOX
Mobile : ;
: Application 26
Launch ) a :
Gerorg ready co scale : oz .
TeGo@OK m launching .
Fourth Pick up Safietheliond in _
Location robe le ap plc ations
through @s parmerstap Expansion to
ToGeBOk has secured with Crave Pood Connectiout
w agrerment wah Spters
Veruen (ANTICIPATEDS JANTICIPATERS
March 2017 March 2018 November 2012 january 2019 lume 2019
cs & e oo * o e e e
August 2017 August 2018 November 2018 March 2019
Li ;
Incorporation Third Pick up Launched on
fa bets secceeded Location StartEngine
ee pt ToGotIk adged « Mow FOU can con a
potential in cerpar therd Pick up Location pert of cur company!
offwes, ToGottre eith mere en 808
scorporaned on Aug 4 tenants in the center ot
2017. Pp cennd
a
In the Press

Jaii‘iial

| SHOWMORE

Meet Our Team

(el Ci+) =1@) 4

Tae Lee Glenn Jeon David Kim

President, CEO, & Director Vice President, CCO, & Director COO & Director
A graduate af Rhode (sland Schoal of Desagn (R/SD) with A grodwote af Rhode itend School of Design (RYSD) with A Johosen and Wales University graduate with
o SFA Wo Architecture (Moy 2074). Toe is an expert im @ BFA in Gropive Design (Moy 2017). Glenn & on expert Bachelor's in Culypory Arts (Moy 2076) He worked in
logistics frown fs experience os o Supply Sergeant during
his tiee An the military. As a member of Whovid
Federation of Overseas Korean Traders Assoc/ations
fOKTA) wath 12,000 members, Tor has participated in
Projects in the trading industry during summer do 2078
and hos o large network with business owners in trode.
Duving fis senior year io college, Toe co-founded
TeGofOx jvc. (Aug 2077). with his covrene pavtoer Glene
Jeon

(P communication design, branding ond advertising
from his Graphic Design Dockground He completed his
creative interewyps of Sephore (2075) and Airbed
(2076) where he picked up the process of solving
protien with creative solutions by working closely with
directors, designers, engineers, ond curators. Mis works
dnchudle poster design, building websites, extviinian
design, editorial! deign, event curation, merchandise
production, and trends research. Glenn co-founded

prominent fine aining restaurants such os Momofuky fo
(2016) and jean Georges (2017) as a line cook which are
currently two Michelin Star restowrants in Mew York, Me
has o profownd understanding of restaurant operation
as well as food quatity. He 4 knowledgatile in many
cusines such as Korean, japanese, fohan and French
Dovid joined ToGeBOX as o Genero’ Manager in August
2017 end has been working as COO and co-founder
since April 2078.

ToGoBOw inc, (Aug 2017) with Toe Lee

& @

Hyunjoon Lee Paul Olean Dennis Corain Tuni Schartner
Data Scientist VMS Mentor VMS Mentor VMS Mentor
A grodwote of Brawn University with &S Founder af Olean Seretegic Consutting Director AlWances aed Partmerships at Directoy of Entrepreneurtinip &
in Computer Scence, Dota Analyst from Gul-twme) and Volunteer Executive Oassauk Systemes SIMULIA (ful-ime)? innovation of Innovate Newport (fuBrown University Department of Public Directoy ot Venture Mentoring Service of hime)

Health in Behavioral) Sciences (207 RI
Before joining ToGoBOX, Hrunjoon was a
researcher at Brown University in both
the Computer Science and Public Hearth
departments, specializing An statéstica’
programming and machine warning. He
hos eapertise in SQL, Python ond Ff.
Hywajoon has experience in writing
destiness plans and conducting morket
research for two startups, AZZ Flight
Solutions (a commercial drone
mmanufocturing project mith an engineer
at D/P and Tink Knit fa mom-profit
clothing company thar sets hand beitted
products made by siagle mothers in
Rhode island) Hyunjoon joined ToGeBON
@ o dato schentist in Angust 2078.

Rhode Islovad, (part-time)

Matt Tortora Will Aradjo
Advisor Advisor
Co-Founder & CEO-Crave Food Systens Co-founder & COO at Crave Food

Corporation - Full Time

Systems - Full Time

Offering Summary
Maximum $35,000" shares of Common Stock ($107,000)
*Maxnimum subject to odjvstment for bonus shoves. See 10% Bonus below

Miniter 50,000 shares of Common Stock ($10,000)

Company ToGoBOX Inc.
Corporate Address 10 Dorrance St. Suite 700, Providence RI 02903
Description of Business Onbee Lunch Marketplace for Corporate Employees
Type of Security Offered Comenon Stock

Purchase Price of Security Offered $0.20

Minamum Investment Amount (per investor) $500 Minimum Investment

The 10% Bonus for Startingine Shareholders

ToGoBOX inc. will offer 10% additional bonus shares for af investments that are committed by StartEngine Crowdfunding Inc. shareholders (with = $1,000 invested in the
StaetEngine Reg At campaign) within 24 hours of this offering going live,

StartEngine shareholders who have invested $1,000¢ in the StartEngine Reg A+ campagn wil receive 4 10% bonus on this offering within 6 24-hour window of their campaign
launch date. This means you wil receive a bonus for any shares you purchase. For example, if you buy 500 shares of Comenon Stock at $0.20 / share, you will receive SO
Comenon Stock bonus shares, meaning you'll own 550 shares for $100. Fractheanal shares wil not be distributed and share bonuses will be Gecermined by rounding down to
the nearest whole share.

This 10% Bonus is omly valid for one year from the time StartEngine Crowdfunding Inc. investors receive their countersigned StartEngine Crowdtunding Inc. subscrigtion
agreemers

Irregular Use of Proceeds

The Comparyy might incur Inregular Use of Proceeds that may include but are not linvted to the following over $10,000: Vendor payments and salary made to one’s self, a
frend or relative: Any expense labeled “Administration Expenses” that is not strictly for administrative purposes: Any expense labeled “Travel and Entertainment®: Any
expense that is for the purposes of inter-company debt or back payments.

Form C Filings
Risks

A crowdfunding invesnment involves risk. You should not invest arry funds in this offering unless you cam afford to lose your entire investment. In making an #westment
decision, mrwestors must rely on their own examination of the issuer and the terms of the offering, including the merits and risks iewolved. These securities have not been
recommended or approved by any federal or state securties commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, these authorities have not passed upon the accuracy or
adequacy of thés document. The U.S, Securities and Exchange Commission does not pass upon the merits of any securities offered of the terms of the offering, nor does it pass
upon the accuracy or completeness of any offering documnent or literature. These securties are offered under an exemption from registration: however, the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission has mot made an independent determination that these securities are exempt from registration.

Updates

Follow ToGoBOX to get notified of future updates!

Comments (0 total)
Add a public commer...
a
2500
About Connect jon Legal
su) Bog Facebook StartEngine Surnevt. Tokenizing the World Terms of Use
©2017 All Rights Reserves = Taner Sey Comp orig
Careers nveston lerner
Linkedin
Weotagrar)
Press inqunes

Saned on four Preveus interests - Ths broad setection of tsuers is buned on otgetttve factors afin your poor rreeiirrent hetory, yooh a) rebustry sector, locadon, and
uecurity type. This welection of Issuers should not be taken as ervestmert savice, and dow not constitute iweetrnent achiice by Startingine Prior to making any invewimert
deco, «it wpon you to make your owe evaleation of the merit af any particidar tecurtties offering in relation te the hegh lewel of rick werent in lreeding under Regulation
Crowdfunding.

rrportant Message

were Startis gee Cor 6 6 webste oweed by Slarti nape Coowdlusnbrg. fe ore egerated bry Startingese Cope urebeg wed Ms wholly Creed adrediny Stiegre Comtal LLC.
oceted at 780 6 San Vicente Hive S800, Peal Hofpwood, CA 92009 Starting Crovedhueding ta nol e broker deste furciing portal or rreestrrent adviser Slartingre Coptial.
LOC is 2 funding portal registered ese with the US Securities and Cecharge Cormremaion (SEC) and here an 8 rrerrber of the Financial inchatry Regulatory Autrorty (FINRA) By
accesung ths Ete and any pages On Tes Gite, poe agree to be Seanad by cas Tewres of Line ared Poreacy Pobre a6 rary be areencied thom tine to tire wittcas eotce or kabdity

frvestrent opportanties posted and acceaatte through fe ate ae of three {pes

1 Reguistier A offerings (JOOS Act Tithe IV bron an Meguiston A+) which are offered to nor accredited anc accredited rreestor: ake. Wo broter- dealer. tunding portal oF
@weetrern! ademer is erolved in these offerings These offerings are rracte frough Starthagme Crowsl uncing inc 2 Regulation D offerings (S0tic)), whach ave offered only to
POOR Iee mreeenors Wo bender cheater, Iending portal or awestrest aceer is Hreiteed nn Rese céferings These offerings are (runt: Pemegh Startirgese Copwelientee tre &
Meglaton Crowd hancierg oF eriygs (JOES Act The IP] wiech ae oflered lo mor accredited arrd eccredted ewestors atte These oerrygs are rracte Preough Slarttngere Cantal
LLC. Sonne of thease offesings ae open to the gene pubic, however there are erportart differences and aks You can been more in or Lear section

Caredan fwesters
reste! opportenties pceted and accessible through fe ate wil mot be oMered tc Carectan reaxtert ewestors

Potential werstort a shoagh adieed tp caneul thew legal tax and financal ateeors betore erecting The securtios offeeed cn Met ate ase nom offered in pevedictions where
oubbe scbotation of ofleengs ae eof perrretiod & a solely your respeersddty to commly wrth the laws aed reguiubors of pow Coueriry of rescence
VIDEO TRANSCRIPT (Exhibit D)

Everyone who works in the office knows the struggle of what to get for lunch. It's a daily issue.
Hi, my name is Lexi. I work at Virgin Pulse in Providence, Rhode Island and I'm a manager of
workplace culture and operations. Here at Virgin Pulse, we've been using ToGoBOX for about six
months. We've loved it from the start and it's only gotten better since then. Ordering ToGoBOX
is super simple. First, you just create an account just your name and email address, then you
choose what you want to eat. The menu changes every day. There's always options from salads
to pizza to sushi to poke-bowls, whatever you want. You choose what you want, place it in your
bag, pay online and know that the food will be delivered hot and fresh right at 12:30 p.m.. Oh!,
looks like people are picking up right now. The great thing about TOoGoBOX is that they just
make it so simple, they have just a $1 delivery fee and no minimums which is amazing.
ToGoBOX offers a huge variety of items super healthy, some little more indulgent. You know,
you need, you need both to have a good life so we're excited about that it doesn't matter one
person places an order or 40 people place an order everything will be here fresh hot and right on
time.

I was an architecture student working in the studio all day, I had no choice but to order food.
Every meal, I had to find other people in the studio who also wanted to split the delivery fee.
One day I said, am I the only one going through this? There's got to be an easier way. So after
extensive research, I learned that this was an universal problem in the workplace and came up
with a milk run inspired logistic system which I learned during my time in the Army as a supply
sergeant and started ToGoBOX to solve it. Traditional delivery system is the one-to-many
mode! where each restaurant delivers to customers to different locations. Delivery fee is usually
high when a customer is responsible for one trip. Inspired by milk run, we flipped the traditional
system into many-to-one model where orders from multiple restaurants are delivered to one
drop-off location in one trip. Therefore, all customers are responsible for a trip. We provide $1
delivery service to all. That's the innovation we are bringing to the market. Who is our
customer? They are people in the workplace who have limited time and options to access local
restaurants within a given lunch time. These people don't have much other options to order
food but are always trapped into paying extra because of minimum orders and delivery fee,
which by the way, is not trivial amount when daily accumulated. Over a year, we learned a great
deal about what to do and what not to do. We talked to our customers and learned that they
love us. They rely on our daily service to manage their lunch-time, and most importantly, find
us the most convenient. Why invest with us? we know how to scale, we know how to approach
potential businesses, and offer irresistible employee benefits for them. We want our investors to
also be our customers and that's why we decided to crowdfund ToGoBOX.
STARTENGINE SUBSCRIPTION PROCESS (Exhibit E)

Platform Compensation

e As compensation for the services provided by StartEngine Capital, the issuer is required to
pay to StartEngine Capital a fee consisting of a 6-8% (six to eight percent) commission
based on the dollar amount of securities sold in the Offering and paid upon disbursement
of funds from escrow at the time of a closing. The commission is paid in cash and in
securities of the Issuer identical to those offered to the public in the Offering at the sole
discretion of StartEngine Capital. Additionally, the issuer must reimburse certain
expenses related to the Offering. The securities issued to StartEngine Capital, if any, will
be of the same class and have the same terms, conditions and rights as the securities being
offered and sold by the issuer on StartEngine Capital’s website.

Information R ing Len f Time of Offerin

e Investment Cancellations: Investors will have up to 48 hours prior to the end of the
offering period to change their minds and cancel their investment commitments for any
reason. Once within 48 hours of ending, investors will not be able to cancel for any reason,
even if they make a commitment during this period.

e Material Changes: Material changes to an offering include but are not limited to: A
change in minimum offering amount, change in security price, change in management,
material change to financial information, etc. If an issuer makes a material change to the
offering terms or other information disclosed, including a change to the offering deadline,
investors will be given five business days to reconfirm their investment commitment. If
investors do not reconfirm, their investment will be cancelled and the funds will be
returned.

e StartEngine Capital will notify investors by email when the target offering amount has hit
25%, 50% and 100% of the funding goal. If the issuer hits its goal early, and the minimum
offering period of 21 days has been met, the issuer can create a new target deadline at
least 5 business days out. Investors will be notified of the new target deadline via email
and will then have the opportunity to cancel up to 48 hours before new deadline.

e Oversubscriptions: We require all issuers to accept oversubscriptions. This may not be
possible if: 1) it vaults an issuer into a different category for financial statement
requirements (and they do not have the requisite financial statements); or 2) they reach
$1.07M in investments. In the event of an oversubscription, shares will be allocated at the
discretion of the issuer.

e Ifthe sum of the investment commitments does not equal or exceed the target offering
amount at the offering deadline, no securities will be sold in the offering, investment
commitments will be cancelled and committed funds will be returned.

e IfaStartEngine issuer reaches its target offering amount prior to the deadline, it may
conduct an initial closing of the offering early if they provide notice of the new offering
deadline at least five business days prior to the new offering deadline (absent a material
change that would require an extension of the offering and reconfirmation of the
investment commitment). StartEngine will notify investors when the issuer meets its
target offering amount. Thereafter, the issuer may conduct additional closings until the
offering deadline.

Minimum and Maximum Investment Amounts

e In order to invest, to commit to an investment or to communicate on our platform, users
must open an account on StartEngine Capital and provide certain personal and nonpersonal information including information related to income, net worth, and other
investments.

e Investor Limitations: Investors are limited in how much they can invest on all
crowdfunding offerings during any 12-month period. The limitation on how much they
can invest depends on their net worth (excluding the value of their primary residence) and
annual income. If either their annual income or net worth is less than $107,000, then
during any 12-month period, they can invest up to the greater of either $2,200 or 5% of the
lesser of their annual income or net worth. If both their annual income and net worth are
equal to or more than $107,000, then during any 12-month period, they can invest up to
10% of annual income or net worth, whichever is less, but their investments cannot exceed
$107,000.
